===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 0 source=c4 split=train =====
A Georgian Mansion built in 1806 located in the beautiful countryside of Kent known as the garden of England.
Despite being close to great networks for travel this is a wedding venue is located in a beautiful tranquil area. With a mixture of modern luxury and history there are 38 unique and individual bedrooms furnished to a high standard. With spa facilities to relax and unwind to award winning fine dining with beautiful crisp wines to chose from to conference and banqueting facilities.
An elegant and exquisite mansion, licensed for civil ceremonies with the choice of an intimate wedding ceremony in the Boardroom for 40 guests with beautiful bay windows overlooking the courtyard of the hotel. Alternatively you can choose The Oak Room or Terraced Suite which offers natural lighting and ornate mirrors creating a wonderful backdrop for photography of your marriage vows.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 1 source=c4 split=train =====
Interested in hosting an Engineering for Kids field trip at your location or at our off-site partner location Main Event Entertainment?
At Engineering For Kids, our educators are happy to coordinate field trips at your location(PK-8th grades) or bring your students(K-8th grades) to a Main Event Entertainment location to experience programs that are educational and fun. At Main Event, each student group will get 1 hour of STEAM project-based learning session, lunch, and two hours of laser tag, bowling, arcade games.
Save on transportation costs. We come to your location.
Off-site options at our partner locations.
We take the time to learn more about your curriculum so we can coordinate a field trip that integrates their experience with what they are learning. Our creative educators have a knack for presenting information in new and different ways to keep students engaged and entertained while they soak up new ideas and concepts.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 2 source=c4 split=train =====
Dean Reiner has been tying for many years, constantly seeking that perfectly tied fly. He started Hatchfinders Fly Shop in 1999 and turned the business over to his daughter, Dandy Reiner. Dean is in the shop 7 days a week, drinking coffee, tying flies, and spinning fishing tales.
Thanks again go to the Dandy and Dean for allowing us to film at their tying benches.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 3 source=c4 split=train =====
and the Nor Shipping in Oslo (May 30 – June 2, 2017).
The boat builders are indeed very sensitive to the energy efficiency issues. For instance talking about the sailing boats, the electric balance on board is crucial and any method to reduce the electrical demand is really welcome. By reducing the electrical consumption it is possible to reduce the size and weight of the on-board power generator. Boat builders consider a saving of 1000€ for 1 kg in weight reduction. A good reason for them to follow with interest the XERIC project!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 4 source=c4 split=train =====
Khairuddin Hori will be appointed director at Chan Hampe Galleries from 10 September 2016. Hori recently returned to Singapore from the Palais de Tokyo, Paris – one of Europe’s foremost centres of contemporary art – in 2014. Benjamin Hampe will continue as co-owner and advisor whilst taking a developmental role in Indonesia and co-owner Angie Chan will re-join the executive team to manage the business aspects of the company.
Hori is a graduate of both Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts and LASALLE College of the Arts in Singapore and is best known for his multidisciplinary and unconventional approach to curating, supported by his experience in theatre and as an artist. In 1997 he took on the position of associate director at Teater Ekamatra, a Malay-language theatre company, for which he led large-scale outdoor performances in Singapore. He was also an active participant of Thailand’s Asiatopia International Performance Art Festival from 2005–08 and was also an Associate Artist at The Substation art centre in Singapore.
After briefly leading the Curatorial Development department of the National Heritage Board in Singapore, Hori became the first appointed deputy director of artistic programmes at Palais de Tokyo, Paris. Formerly, a senior curator at the Singapore Art Museum specialising in contemporary Southeast Asian art, Hori’s portfolios included the inventory of the national collection and acquisitions for Southeast Asian contemporary art with focus on Singapore, Malaysia and mainland Southeast Asia.
Meanwhile co-founder and current director, Benjamin Hampe, will take on a developmental role in Jakarta as an associate director with Ciputra Artpreneur, an art centre that comprises of a 1,200-seat theatre, museum, exhibition hall, and retail and F&B spaces. Whilst managing that role, Hampe will continue to be involved with Chan Hampe as an advisor and co-owner and will remain active in the business.
Co-founder Angie Chan will support Hori and Hampe on a day-to-day basis. Lee Pei Pei will complete the current team as gallery manager.
Chan Hampe Galleries was founded in 2010 by Angeline Chan and Benjamin Hampe in Raffles Hotel Arcade to cultivate and promote the contemporary visual arts of Singapore. A second space, SHOPHOUSE 5, was launched in 2015 to provide an alternative platform for emerging artists, curatorial projects, and not-for-profit programmes.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 5 source=c4 split=train =====
Tennessee linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. participated in his first practice of the spring on Thursday.
Tennessee linebacker Darrin Kirkland Jr. returned to the football field Thursday. He participated in his first practice of the spring.
Kirkland had been limited to conditioning in the area the Vols dub "The Pit" during the first 10 practices after having a minor knee procedure during the offseason that coach Jeremy Pruitt described as "a little cleanup."
Kirkland was limited to individual linebacker drills. Pruitt said he might be able to participate more fully in team activities next week.
“Darrin took the next step," Pruitt said.
Kirkland, a junior, missed all of last season after he had surgery for a torn meniscus in his knee.
Kirkland has 111 career tackles. He was an All-SEC freshman team selection in 2015.
His return is expected to bolster an inside linebacking corps that includes Daniel Bituli, Quart'e Sapp, Will Ignont and Shanon Reid.
Bituli, who had an offseason surgery, had been limited to individual drills but was a full practice participant Thursday, Pruitt said.
"Daniel is starting to advance," Pruitt said.
Pruitt said it's "too early to tell" whether Kirkland or Bituli will play in the April 21 spring game.
"It'll be close, which is a good thing," Pruitt said. "Those guys are kind of anxious to get out there."
Princeton Fant returned to running back for Thursday's practice after being one of seven players who flipped to new spots Tuesday, when Fant lined up at inside linebacker.
The other six players remained where they were Tuesday. Tyler Byrd was at wide receiver, LaTrell Bumphus was at defensive line, Alontae Taylor was at cornerback and Matthew Butler, Eric Crosby and Greg Emerson were with the offensive line.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 6 source=c4 split=train =====
Philosophy is for everyone! This page contains posts about ethics that are aimed at a general audience. No prior knowledge is assumed, though pen and paper will sometimes help.
impossible for a voting system to do everything you might hope for. Something has to go, and different democratic systems will make different choices.
One idea that is hard to give up is the idea that if every member of society prefers X to Y, then society should be seen as preferring X to Y. But when uncertainty is brought into the picture, even that idea is not convincing. Economists have known this since the 1970s, and the problem has practical implications.
On June 23, 2016 the British voters faced the huge decision as to whether to leave the European Union. But no one really knew what leaving would involve, and the options became known as soft Brexit and hard Brexit. Soft Brexit involves keeping close alignment with the EU, hard Brexit means breaking all ties. Here are the views of two typical voters.
Ann and Bob have identical views about remaining. They think life would be fine. But they have very different views about leaving.
Ann thinks that soft Brexit would be a great outcome. She thinks it would improve the economy a lot, and that’s what she cares about. But hard Brexit, in her view, would be an economic disaster, cutting Britain off from a major trading bloc.
In contrast, Bob thinks that a hard Brexit would be a great outcome. He thinks that it increase British sovereignty, and that’s what he cares about. But soft Brexit, in his view, would make Britain a slave to the EU, with no say in the rules.
But oddly enough, they both vote “Yes” to leaving. This is because they have different views about uncertainty. Ann thinks that Brexit will probably lead to soft Brexit; economic common sense will prevail. But Bob thinks that Brexit will probably lead to hard Brexit; once they taste freedom, the British people will never be denied.
According to standard decision theory, once we have assigned numbers to outcomes, we should calculate the expected value of gambles like voting to leave by multiplying the value of each outcome by its probability, then adding all these quantities up. The gamble with the greatest expected value wins.
To make the example concrete, suppose that Ann thinks that if the British people vote to leave, the probability that soft Brexit will result is 80%. Her calculation is as follows.
On the other hand, Bob thinks that the probability of soft Brexit is just 20%, so his calculation is this one.
So they both put the expected value of leaving at 8, which is higher than the value they assign to remaining, which was 6. So they both vote to leave.
In one sense, Ann and Bob are in perfect agreement. We could even imagine that they reflect the electorate at large, containing 30 million Ann’s and 30 million Bob’s. In that scenario, the democratic case for leaving is watertight.
Or is it? Ann and Bob are actually in more or less complete disagreement. They disagree about what kind of Brexit is likely, and they disagree about what kind of Brexit would be good. This means that their agreement is what the economist Philip Mongin calls spurious, or what the former reality TV host Donald Trump might call fake. It’s an illusion that results from the quirk of their disagreements cancelling out. But if one is right about everything, the other is wrong about everything. So the case for being impressed by their agreement is actually quite weak.
Whether you agree with it or not, the basic idea of democracy is that social decisions should be based on a social consensus. But what is the social consensus in the case of Ann and Bob?
One idea is to split the difference. Ann thinks that probability of soft Brexit is 80% and Bob thinks it is 20%, so we might say that 50% represents their consensus about uncertainty. Ann thinks that the value of soft Brexit is 10 and Bob thinks that it is 0, so we might say that 5 represents their consensus about the value of soft Brexit. Similarly, 5 is the consensus of hard Brexit. This gives their various opinions equal weight.
That’s less than the value of staying, so it makes a case for saying that the social consensus is to remain. Why shouldn’t that be seen as the will of the people?
Here’s another example. In the run-up to the 2016 United States Presidential Election, Hillary Clinton was a known quantity. But Donald Trump was very much unknown. Despite his sometimes outrageous pre-election showmanship, many people were confident that a future President Trump would turn out to be Soft Trump, as they wanted: good on the economy, and socially moderate. Others were confident he would be Hard Trump, as they wanted: nationalist, and socially extreme.
This is obviously an over-simplified model. But it is easily conceivable that two large groups voted for Trump for opposite reasons. It is also conceivable that when uncertainty is stripped away, the social consensus in the US was: Soft Trump > Clinton > Hard Trump. In that scenario, as perhaps witnessed by President Trump’s basement-level approval ratings, their version of democracy gave the citizens of the United States their worst possible outcome.
When people disagree about both uncertainty and their basic values, voting can behave very strangely. It can look as if everyone agrees what to do when they are actually in complete disagreement. Other natural ways of understanding the social consensus can lead to completely opposite results.
The citizens of the United States will eventually get to vote again, but what should be done in the case of Brexit? Sooner or later, we are going to know what Brexit will actually look like. The uncertainty about what kind of Brexit it will be will have vanished, and a second referendum would be a vote on remaining versus the only Brexit that is available.
Suppose it ends up being hard Brexit. If there are more Ann’s than Bob’s, the remainers will win. If there are more Bob’s than Ann’s, the leavers will win. Isn’t that a much more sensible interpretation of democracy?
There are many kinds of democracy, and when the British Prime Minister Mrs May says that a second referendum would be a “gross betrayal” of democracy, she is actually defending one of the more stupid versions.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 7 source=c4 split=train =====
Blind Spot Detection safety system eliminates blind spots to reduce accidents that injure 15,000 people and cause 200 deaths a year in the U.S.
STAMFORD, CT – HARMAN International Industries, Incorporated (NYSE: HAR), the premier connected technologies company for automotive, consumer and enterprise markets today announced the development of a new safety system to help eliminate the blind spots that kill or injure 15,000 pedestrians a year in the U.S.. Reverse Pedestrian Detection combines data from a range of existing HARMAN technologies fitted to the car, including a rear camera and sensor, to detect pedestrians behind the vehicle. In one of its most critical uses, it can successfully detect smaller children, aged between 12 and 23 months, who are most vulnerable to being hit.
The rising popularity of bigger vehicles such as SUVs has exacerbated the blind spot issue for consumers. Coupled with drivers placing too much reliance on the effectiveness of sensors and cameras, HARMAN believes only by combining real-time sensory data with driver attention can the situation improve. The Reverse Pedestrian Detection technology uses advanced computer vision methods and a fish eye camera to detect pedestrians behind the vehicle and fuses it with data from the ultrasonic sensors for close pedestrian verification. To improve the accuracy, the application also uses the steering wheel angle and speed for calculating probable collision trajectories.
HARMAN’s Reverse Pedestrian Detection technology is a cost-effective safety enhancement that is based on software implementation without the requirement of additional hardware: it’s available to automotive manufacturers now. “As we work toward bringing this software to automakers, we have adopted an approach that will enable the software to be housed in existing vehicle infotainment systems to minimise the cost and designed to fit into as many auto makers’ vehicles as possible,” said Atsmon.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 8 source=c4 split=train =====
10 Year & 7 Year Interest Only Mortgages – ForTheBestRate – If you are looking for a low payment offered by interest only mortgage financing but are leery of the volatility of short-term ARM products, then a 10 year interest only loan or 7 year interest only mortgage might be the right program for you. Rates for these products may be slightly lower than that of thirty year fixed interest only loans and are traditionally a fraction higher than that of.
10 Year Fixed Mortgage Rates – Zillow – A 10-year fixed mortgage is a loan with a term of 10 years whose interest rate stays the same for the duration of the loan. For example, on a 10-year mortgage of $300,000 with a 20% down payment and an interest rate of 3%, the monthly payments would be about $2,315 (not including taxes and insurance).
Fixed Interest Rate Vs Apr Los Angeles Mortgage Rates Find the best Mortgage rates in California – Interest – Find the best Mortgage rates in California. Click on the city closest to where you need a Mortgage in California — Arcadia, Bakersfield, Berkeley, Chico, Downey, El.APR Vs. Interest Rate Guide – FortuneBuilders – For the sake of this APR example, you are borrowing $100,000 at a 4% interest rate for 30 years. On top of that, you will also find yourself paying additional financing and non-financing fees, which can take the form of closing costs or even transaction fees.
What is 10 Year Fixed Rate Mortgage? | LendingTree Glossary – A 10 year fixed rate mortgage is a financing option that allows you to build equity relatively quickly. With this type of loan, the interest rate remains the same for the ten year term of the loan and is typically lower than that attached to a 30 year fixed rate mortgage.
Interest Rate And Apr Mortgage Interest Rate Futures Contracts Explained – mysmp.com – What are Interest Rate Futures? Buying an interest rate futures contract allows the buyer of the contract to lock in a future investment rate; not a borrowing rate as many believe. Interest rate futures are based off an underlying security which is a debt obligation and moves in value as interest rates change.. When interest rates move higher, the buyer of the futures contract will pay the.Fha Home Loans Rate Best Mortgage Rates Bank Mortgage Rates | TD Canada Trust – 5 Fixed rates are calculated semi-annually, not in advance. 6 The regular posted rate does not apply as a result of the special rate. 7 Variable rates are calculated monthly, not in advance. variable rates change when the TD Mortgage Prime Rate changes.Best Lenders for FHA Loans in March 2019 – NerdWallet – Best Lenders for FHA Loans in March 2019 Finding the Right Mortgage , Mortgages At NerdWallet, we adhere to strict standards of editorial integrity to help you make decisions with confidence.
5 Year vs. 10 Year Mortgages – Renewing your mortgage. – The current 10 year fixed rate mortgage product certainly offers a lot of benefits to Canadians looking to renew their mortgage in 2013. The current interest rates, ranging from 3.69% to 3.99% for most products offers historically low rates for an entire decade’s time.
Interest Only Jumbo Mortgage Loans – MortageBase – Interest only jumbo mortgages are limited to adjustable rate mortgage (arm) programs and can be fixed for a full 5, 7, or 10 years. This interest only period is generally 10 years after which time your payment reverts to a principal and interest payment amortized over the remaining term of the loan.
US 10 Year Fixed Rate Mortgage Interest Rates – Gate City bank 10 year Fixed Mortgage. The information provided assumes the purpose of the loan is to purchase a property, assuming a 20% down payment and a loan amount of $100,000.
Deciding between the 2 main types of mortgages comes down to how much you’re willing to pay every month – More than 60% of American homeowners have a mortgage, but finding a lender and getting approved is often the most complicated and time-consuming part of the homebuying process. The two most common.
Interest Rate Forecast – Kiplinger – Kiplinger’s forecasts the Federal Reserve’s next move and the direction of a range of interest rates.
10 Year Interest Only Mortgage Rate – 10 Year Interest Only Mortgage Rate – We are offering to refinance your mortgage rate in order to take advantage of lower mortgage rates, visit our site for more information. In addition to your 80/20 mortgage some offer financing for 103% of the sentence requested on your home.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 9 source=c4 split=train =====
The domain Crimsonandcreammachine.com was registered n/a. The website is currently online. It is ranked #254,530 in the world . There are more than 1,600 visitors and the pages are viewed up to n/a times for every day. Usually, it takes n/a seconds for the visitors to open the website. Based on current visitor traffic, you will know that the advertising revenue on the website will be able to reach n/a USD per day. The servers of the website are being hosted in Manchester, United States.
The chart below shows how many visitors visited the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com every day for the past 90 days. The last record was on Apr 15, 2014, and about 1,600 visitors visited this site.
Which search keywords send traffic to the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com? Through the chart below, you will know that there are a lot of visitors to this site by searching the keyword "n/a", about n/a visitors per day. Top 0 keywords are displayed here.
Where are the visitors who visited the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com? Through the map below, you will know that most of the visitors to this site are from United States, about 1,500 visitors per day. Top 1 countries/regions are displayed here.
Which subdomains visitors often go on Crimsonandcreammachine.com? Through the chart below, you will know that the subdomain crimsonandcreammachine.com is very popular, about 1,600 visitors per day. Top 1 subdomains are displayed here.
Here is the domain information about Crimsonandcreammachine.com. Through the table below, you will know that the domain name was registered on Aug 1, 2006 ( 12 years ago) and will expire on Aug 1, 2015, and was registered on the website www.cscglobal.com, etc.
The Domain Name System (DNS) is a hierarchical and decentralized naming system for computers, services, or other resources connected to the Internet or a private network. It associates various information with domain names assigned to each of the participating entities. The table below shows the DNS record for the domain name Crimsonandcreammachine.com.
A normalized 100-point score representing the likelihood of a domain to rank well in search engine results. A high score indicates that the website is very popular with visitors. The domain authority score of the domain name Crimsonandcreammachine.com is n/a, and the page authority score is n/a.
What subdomains does the domain name Crimsonandcreammachine.com have? So far, we have found that the domain has 1 subdomains. Such as, crimsonandcreammachine.com is a subdomain of the domain Crimsonandcreammachine.com.
On the web, most sites use the general domain extensions (.COM, .NET, .ORG, .INFO, .BIZ, .US) as their domain name. Which domains with the same name as the domain Crimsonandcreammachine.com are still not registered?
Here are n/a domain names like Crimsonandcreammachine, they may be owned by the same owner or not.
What are the main colors of the theme of the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com? Through the chart below, we know that the main color of the site is n/a.
When we checked the HTML of the homepage of the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com, we found that it had n/a error and n/a warning.
The history of the title of the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com. Here are 2 records, which means that the title of the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com has been changed 2 times since Sep 29, 2012.
The history of the description of the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com. Here are n/a record, which means that the description of the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com has been changed n/a time since n/a.
The history of the keywords of the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com. Here are n/a record, which means that the keywords of the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com has been changed n/a time since n/a.
The Sitemap contains URLs to these pages so that web crawlers can easily find them. We found n/a sitemap on the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com.
The Feed is a data format used for providing users with frequently updated content. We found 3 feeds on the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com.
Where are Crimsonandcreammachine.com website's servers located? The servers are being hosted in Manchester, United States.
Which websites are stored on the same server as the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com? So far, we have found 5 websites on these servers.
The time it takes for a visitor to open the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com. Now we found that when visitors open the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com, it takes n/a second, which is faster than n/a of other websites.
How many pages the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com has been indexed by searchers?
We found n/a keywords on the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com. In the chart below, you will see the competition of these keywords on the web. The higher the percentage of competition, the more advantageous the keyword is on the web.
SEO (Search Engine Optimization) is a way to use the rules of search engines to improve the natural ranking of websites in search engines. A normalized 100-point score representing the progress of optimizing a website. The website Crimsonandcreammachine.com now has a score of n/a.
A normalized 100-point score representing the safety of a domain name. The higher the score, the safer the site is for visitors. Through the chart below, we found that the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com is safe for visitors and safe for children.
Which websites are owned by the same person who owns that Crimsonandcreammachine.com website? The websites below are owned by the same owner or not.
Which websites are linking to the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com? The websites below are linking to it.
These websites which ranked between n/a and n/a on the web just before or after the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com.
How many times the pages of the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com has been shared by visitors? Through the chart below, we found that most visitors like to share the site with Twitter. So far, the site has been shared 209 times to Twitter.
Which websites compete with the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com on the web? Here are n/a websites are similar to it.
Here are some Apple apps related to the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com.
Here are some Android apps related to the website Crimsonandcreammachine.com.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 10 source=c4 split=train =====
My XPS 13 just arrived yesterday and I've been trying to get F28 on it. I first tried the old live usb thumb drive route, but the thumb drive didn't show up. Maybe it's because I had to use an adapter since this only has USB-C ports. Anyway, I wrote the iso to a micro SD card instead, and it shows up as a boot option. In the below image, you can see I could boot it with "LEGACY BOOT" or UEFI, and I tried both. Legacy first.
I get this ugly dump every time. What does this mean? What do I do about it?
This is what it looks like when I choose UEFI. Same ugliness in higher resolution.
Florian, ok, I'll look into updating bios. In the mean time, I have an i7 processor; which of these should I try? Also, f29 isn't released yet. Is there a newer kernel iso for f28?
florian, updating my XPS' bios fixed it. Thanks. Post as an answer and I'll mark it solved.
Update your BIOS and try again.
I advise against using Legacy boot for any reason, in particular with the installer. If you use legacy boot, the installer will think the computer firmware is BIOS, and you'll get a BIOS installation that always requires legacy booting. The native firmware is UEFI so you really should use that, as well as leaving Secure Boot enabled.
I agree but that doesn't solve the problem - the kernel panic seems to happen in UEFI mode as well.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 11 source=c4 split=train =====
What are the benefits of having a pool cover?
There are a number of reasons you will want to cover your pool. The main reasons are to decrease water and heat loss through evaporation, decrease chemical consumption due to evaporation and to prevent debris entering your pool.
Solar Covers: Solar covers are made of plastic and have small bubbles in them to create small air pockets under the top plastic layer. The plastic allows the UV rays from the sun to heat the pool water and the air acts an insulator and helps to trap the heat in the pool.
Thermal blankets: Thermal blankets are just that, a type of blanket you put on the top surface of the pool. It acts in the same way as the blankets on our bed. When you are pushing heat into your water via solar or heatpump it will help retain the heat in the body of water just as our blankets help keep the heat we create in at night.
Automated pool covers: These covers act in the same way the old style roller garage doors did. They roll up in a secret compartment at the end of your pool and with a press of a button extend out over the top of your pool. They can either float or run in tracks. The best looking automated covers are the polycarbonate slat covers that come in a range of covers. The slats contain air pockets and perform in a similar way to the solar covers.
What do pool covers cost?
For a typical family sized pool in the range of 8-10m long you can expect to pay approximately $3000 for a solar cover, $5000 for a thermal blanket and anywhere from $18000 to $30,000 for an automated pool cover.
What type of cover should I get for my pool?
This is dependent on a number of factors, in particular your budget, the style of pool you want and your local climate.
A hot temperate climate will often mean we recommend a solar blanket. The energy from the sun is free and a solar blanket will allow your pool to heat naturally. If you live in a warm climate such as Auckland where the ambient temperature is usually above 20 degrees Celsius then this is a great option.
In the South Island we often recommend a thermal blanket as even in summer the temperature can still drop into the mid teen’s. You’ll want to maximize the energy input via your heatpump and retain as much as possible.
We often find that the hidden automated pool covers are requested in high value homes where the owners see benefit in the automation of their pool cover. Another key eason for the hidden cover is usually aesthetic and having it hidden may suit the style of property or landscaping.
Can I put an automated pool cover on my fibreglass or liner pool?
Unfortunately, it is not easy to install the top of line floating slat cover on a fibreglass and liner pool. Automated pool covers are best suited for concrete pools where they can be hidden in a pit at the end of the pool and magically appear from underneath your coping stones of deck.
For more information on automated pool covers please contact MORGAN+STONE. Thank you.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 12 source=c4 split=train =====
The Harley power plant has 5 ports that have a max output amperage of 120mA, unfortunately the ports will not deliver enough power 1 Volca.
Each Volca draws 150mA under load, so you need a power supply that will deliver at least 450mA in order to power three Volca's using the splitter cable. Have a look a the Volca splitter listing on our site, you can add a suitable power supply there.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 13 source=c4 split=train =====
Lennox Capital Partners is a private lodging investment and management firm seeking value-add opportunities. The firm was established in 2016 by Jeff Barone and Pat Lowery, long time principals of the successful Maritz Wolff Hotel Equity Funds. Successful lodging investment takes opportunistic vision, strict acquisition criteria, active asset management, entrepreneurial spirit, perseverance, and detailed execution- qualities the principals of LCP have demonstrated for a combined 50+ years.
Lennox Capital takes its name from the historic Hotel Lennox, a property in St. Louis that Jeff Barone and Pat Lowery patiently acquired after a strenuous two-year negotiation with bond holders and city/state officials. The project had every aspect of “value add” and complication that one could imagine, including a project in foreclosure, amending a TIF, two tax incentive districts, a new long term parking lease, securing 10-year tax abatement, structuring State and Federal Historic Tax Credits, the full re-development of a 24-story Federally registered historic shuttered building, the conversion to the popular Courtyard by Marriott select service brand, and the creation of a management company. The project was completed on schedule and under budget, and less than 1-year after opening the hotel the investors were paid their initial preferred coupon. Having completed the successful acquisition, capitalization, redevelopment, conversion, and opening of the former Hotel Lennox, Lennox Capital was born.
As part of a restructuring and reorganization of Maritz Wolff, & Co (“MW”) in 2016, Lennox Capital Partners was formed to assume responsibility of certain projects from MW. Those projects include the asset management of the Ritz-Carlton, St. Louis for a reputable HNW investment expert and his family partnership, and overseeing the ownership and property management of the Courtyard St. Louis Downtown/Convention Center. Pat Lowery and Jeff Barone are co-founders of Lennox Capital, which, in addition to overseeing these projects, are seeking value-add lodging opportunities with investment profiles complementary to their 34+ years of collective experience with MW.
The reputation of MW’s hands-on investment and asset management approach, backed by years of first hand property and asset management experience, will continue with Lennox Capital. Since 1994, MW invested over $700 million in equity in 22 hospitality investments with a total market value of over $3 billion. These hotels and resorts were operated under brands such as Ritz-Carlton, Four Seasons, Rosewood, Fairmont, and Hyatt. They were located across much of North America, the Caribbean, and one in Sydney, Australia. All but one of these investments have been successfully sold and monetized, generating a combined 23% gross levered IRR over an average hold period of ten years. Mr. Barone and Mr. Lowery have overseen the majority of these investments, in many instances taking them from acquisition through disposition. And they will implement their experience, skills, and reputation in what can be considered MW 2.0 or Lennox Capital Partners.
Acquaint yourself with the experienced and competent talent responsible for our growth and success.
Discover how we do what we do - read about our process of acquisition, planning, investment and management of hotels and lodgings.
An overview of our past projects; experience our successful execution of value-add projects.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 14 source=c4 split=train =====
We fly to Lukla and begin trekking through the land of the legendary Sherpas in to the Sagarmatha (Everest) national park. Since the successful ascent of Everest the Khumbu region has enjoyed the international attention.It is miraculous line to describe about paradise.
Annapurna Ghorepani Poonhill trek is a colorful and challenging short adventure into the Annapurna region. The trail winds through patchwork valleys, dense mossy forests and past icy waterfalls where you can stop to cool your face.
The Annapurna Sanctuary trek also known as the Annapurna Base Camp trek is famous for trekkers. The principal peaks of the western portion of the great Annapurna Himal, including Hiunchuli, Annapurna South, Annapurna, Ganagapurna, Annapurna 3 and Machhapuchhare.
Langtang Trek lies directly north of Kathmandu near the Tibetan border. It is one of the nearest and most popular treks from Kathmandu.The trek offers a unique mix of culture and nature. Langtang is inhabited by Tamang and Sherpa people who have close affinity with Tibetan people.
The Mustang territory, founded in the 14th century, is located in the north-west part of Nepal. Also known as the Forbidden Kingdom, the Mustang has been close to foreigners until a recent time.
The Mardi Himal Trekking runs beside the flow of Mardi Khola River winding in through a remote forested valley of bamboo and rhododendron giving you experience of different cultural attractions.
Helambu trek is one of those short treks that bring into highlight the scenic beauty of rural Nepal life. This trek leads you through rice terraces, green valleys and dense forests of oak and rhododendrons with the back drop of the majestic Himalayan mountains.
Limi Valley Trek,Located in the far-western region of Nepal, Limi Valley is one of the remotest places in Nepal. Limi Valley lies in Humla district in the trans-Himalayan region. Its northern part is attached to Tibet, China and Simikot along Tibet-Nepal border used to be a salt trading route between China and Nepal.
Tsum Valley is one of the remotest places in Nepal located in Gorkha District of north central Nepal. It remained a fully restricted territory for centuries until the first batch of trekkers were allowed in 2007. Special permits will be required on the part of trekkers to enter Tsum Valley.
Located on top of the Chukung glacier between Ama Dablam and Lhotse Mountains, Island Peak is the most sought after trekking destination because of its challenging geographical conditions. Each year more than 300 groups attempt to scale the summit of Island peak.
Standing proudly erect at an altitude of 6454m, Mera Peak is the most popular trekking destination and is the highest trekking peak in Nepal. This fairly challenging trek has been designed to cater to trekkers’ adventure needs to explore Mera peak from length to breadth.
The awesome views of the Mountains as seen from top of peak are of Nupse, Makalu, Khumbu glacier as well as Rongbuk Mountain of Tibet region. False peak as it is popularly known among locals and trekkers offers enigmatic surprises of the nature. Lobuche peak climbing can be very fruitful for the climbers because the journey will take you to the magnificent Everest Base Camp also.
During the Mount Kailash Trekking via Simikot, the trek starts from Simikot, in Nepal. You walk to the Tibet Border from where you are taken to the banks of the holy Mansarovar Lake by land cruiser from where you start the trek of Mount Kailash.
This trek offers challenging and adventurous trekking around Annapurna peaks with an ascent of a technically straightforward peak, Chulu East at 6200 meter. The summit of Chulu East provides the most breathtaking views of Annapurnas II, III and IV, Gangapurna, Glacier Dome, Dhaulagiri, Tilicho Peak and Manaslu.
The trail is characterized by the different ethnic people and tribal traditions ranging from the Brahmins Chhetris to the Tibetan Sherpa people. The reason also features the unchanged nomadic lifestyle of people in its vicinity marks the adventurous content of the area. The trekking style would be of camping which allows you to feel the nature and be with the nature away from the clamor of the city.
Adventure Himalayan walking holiday to luxury holiday trips are available with us. Everest Helicopter Tour is the sumptuous way of exploring the great Khumbu region of Nepal. Moreover, reaching at such milestone destination without tiring the body is really a regal holidaying style.
Trekking in Upper Dolpo region of Nepal is very exhilarating experience as it falls under the preserved and restricted area of trekking under the government of Nepal.The region is very interesting as the famous movie and documentary director of Hollywood Mr. Eric Valie had made the famous movie called Caravan based in the lifestyle of the people of the Dolpo region.
The Mount Kailash Trekking and Lhasa Tour Program gathers the two main attractions of Tibet which are holy Mount Kailash and Mansarovar Lake on one hand and the Forbidden City of Lhasa on the other hand.
Covering a distance of 1100 kilometres from the Tibetan capital Lhasa to Kathmandu and passing through six high passes over 5000 metres, this is the worlds most popular and adventurous bicycle journey into the roof of the world.
After landing at the Gonggar Airport of Lhasa, you start your eight days programs in Tibet. This trip to the Roof of the World takes you first to the Forbidden City of Lhasa, the capital of Chinas Tibet Autonomous Region.
A tour in Bhutan is an excellent way to discover and experience the culture, the people and the environment of Bhutan.
For nearly 900 years, from the middle of the 10th century, Ladakh was an independent kingdom, its ruling dynasties descending from the kings of old Tibet. The kingdom attained its greatest geographical extent and glory in the early 17th century.
Ladakh is bounded by worlds two mightiest mountain ranges: the great Himalayan and the Karakoram. It leaves the first time traveler awestruck by its geographical and cultural difference.
Lhasa, the capital of Chinas Tibet Autonomous Region, has an history of more than 1300 years. It is the political, economic, cultural and transport center of the region. Lhasa covers an area of 30 000 kms² and its downtown is 544 kms².

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 15 source=c4 split=train =====
Incheon National University (INU), previously also known as University of Incheon (UI), is a national university operated by the legal entity established by the government of Republic of Korea (South Korea).
INU was first founded as a private college known as the Incheon Technical College in January 1979. Later, it was renamed Incheon College in December 1979 before getting promoted to a comprehensive university in 1988. In 1994, the university was renamed once again to University of Incheon, which was a city council funded university. In addition to these changes, INU also relocated from Dohwa-dong in Nam-gu to a new location in 2009. Now, INU stands in the new and young international city of Songdo which is also known as the New Songdo City, located in IFEZ (Incheon Free Economic Zone). A year later, in 2010, INU merged with Incheon City College to expand capacity and open more curricula. The university now operates two campuses at Songdo, main campus, and also at Dohwa-dong, satellite campus. From January 2013, the university was rechartered as one of Flagship Korean National Universities in South Korea, representing Gyeonggi Province and Incheon city. The central and municipal government plan to fund the university more than US $70M per year to continue to expand education and research. The official name of the university also has been changed to 'Incheon National University (INU)'.
Ding Yuqin, a student from the first Sino-Korea international class, XVTC, is now studying at INU for his bachelor’s degree.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 16 source=c4 split=train =====
Publication information: Book title: Lionel Trilling and the Critics: Opposing Selves. Contributors: John Rodden - Editor. Publisher: University of Nebraska Press. Place of publication: Lincoln, NE. Publication year: 1999. Page number: 30.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 17 source=c4 split=train =====
Chef Italian Food required.. Experience: at least 1 year. Experience in UAE is an advantage. Employment visa. Transport provided. Accommodation. Medical insurance. Salary: AED 7,500.
Hiring now: Chef Italian Food required. Experience: 3 - 5 years. Experience in UAE required. Good English required. Indian preferred. Medical insurance. Salary: AED 8,000.
Chef Italian Food required. Ones on visit visa can apply. The position is full time Sunday - Thursday with a competitive salary based on qualifications and experience.. Experience: 3 years minimum.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 18 source=c4 split=train =====
GW’s Emergency Medical Response Group has temporarily suspended weeknight coverage.
EMeRG – which works in conjunction with the University Police Department to respond to campus emergencies – is momentarily short-staffed and will work with the altered schedule until many of its new members are fully certified to work as Emergency Medical Technicians, said EMeRG Coordinator David Fifer.
The service cut comes after the University reported a 14 percent increase in alcohol transports to the GW Hospital. Of the cases handled by the team of 42, about 30 percent are alcohol-related, Fifer said.
Fifer added, however, that not all patients transported to the GW Hospital for over-intoxication are processed by EMeRG, saying that while alcohol transports increased, the number EMeRG transported to the hospital has gone down.
“EMeRG alcohol cases are not on the rise,” he said.
Fifer said EMeRG membership is consistent with previous years. However, many of EMeRG’s members graduated last year, leaving the staff with new members who must still complete training before officially joining the force.
Some of the students who work for EMeRG receive a housing credit in exchange for their work on the ambulance.
GW Housing Programs and the Office of Safety and Security collaborated this year to provide six EMeRG members compensated housing in exchange for their work on the ambulance.
The other 36 campus medics participate strictly on a voluntary basis, though members are paid an hourly wage when on standby at special events or when conducting community CPR and First Aid classes.
This article appeared in the September 16, 2010 issue of the Hatchet.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 19 source=c4 split=train =====
You can read Part 1 of Bawling Down the Street here.
Lots of kids grow up with dogs, and are very comfortable with them, but we did not.
We lived in a little duplex with a chain link fence running around the entire back yard. On one side lived a couple of large huskies, and on the other side lived a couple of loud, lively and (looking back now) small dogs.
I don't remember ever having any interest in the dogs, but Tyson and Josey discovered that they could play with the dogs through the fence. The smaller dogs were the most fun (and probably less scary. We were chickens, remember?).
One day Tyson and Josey were really having a good time. They were yelling, running up to the fence, running away, possibly poking some sticks through the fence, laughing, etc.
And those dogs were going crazy. I imagine they were dying to get over that fence to romp and play with those little boys.
The dogs jumped higher and higher, which made Tyson and Josey laugh and tease even more.
Eventually Jos and Tys decided to move around to the front of the yard where the fence was shorter. A big mistake (well, from their perspective).
The dogs easily cleared that fence, and even though they were little, didn't seem so little when you were little yourself. Not to mention that they could jump into your face.
Tyson and Josey acted like they were being attacked by a swarm of hornets: swatting, running around blindly, and screaming. Tyson, in particular, had a high pitched, neighborhood-carrying scream :).
The dogs were having the time of their life, but my brothers were rescued before too long by a neighbor.
It took a long time for them to get over that.
Well, actually, they may still not be over it. Neither is a dog lover, but at least they don't slink away and hide whenever they see a dog now. (I don't think).

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 20 source=c4 split=train =====
As the quantity of external hard drives being used by both consumers and commercial entities have drastically increases over the past years so have the fatalities of external hard drives. We know encounter more failed external hard drives in our data recovery lab that internal desktop or laptop drives.
Often times these drives suffer from shock after being dropped or accidentally bumped while powered on and connected to the USB port. We also find that often times these drives just simply overheat due to insufficient cooling based on the small form factor design of the external drive enclosure, causing the drive to ultimately fail.
Our data recovery engineers are experts that have vast experience when it comes to recovering data from external hard drives. We have encountered drives that have suffered from water damage, stepped on, and even a case where a large truck ran over an external Lacie hard drive that was successfully recovered by our data recovery team.
We frequently recover data successfully from Western Digital MyBook, Western Digital Passport (Pro), Western Digital Elements, Seagate GoFlex, Seagate Backup Plus, LaCie Rugged and other popular external hard drives. If your external hard drive is suffering from a malfunction, please unplug the USB/Thunderbolt cable and power cord (power on 3.5 inch factors only) immediately to prevent further damage and call the experts at Data Analyzers to reduce the risk of platter damage and increase the chance of a successful recovery.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 21 source=c4 split=train =====
Welcome to the official website of the Floatation Tank Association in the UK (FTA). Here you will find a wealth of information on floating, a handy tool to find your nearest FTA accredited float centre and the ability to purchase gift vouchers that can be used at any of the FTA member centres.
Floating, floatation, float therapy… whatever you choose to call it, it is quite simply the most incredible means of stress relief and relaxation available. The 25cm of super-saturated salt solution creates an environment similar to the Dead Sea which enables the individual to float effortlessly on the surface. As the water is heated to skin temperature it is virtually impossible to distinguish between parts of the body that are in contact with the water and those that aren’t, thus creating the illusion of floating in air.
Mind, Body and Soul Therapy Centre, West Malvern, Worcestershire WR14 Nestled in the Malvern hillside, Mind, Body and Soul offers a wide range of therapies and treatments for everybody. We understand that time for many people is a luxury, and for that reason, the aim of the centre is to provide calming surroundings where you can relax, unwind and benefit from the range of facilities available. The centre incorporates professionally qualified therapists from many different fields working together ‘under one roof’. We appreciate that everybody is individual and therefore our treatments will cater to your unique needs. Our team is committed to providing the highest standard of service available professionally and confidentially.
Unless you are an astronaut, this is the only situation you will encounter where your body is free from the forces of gravity. Every single muscle in the body is allowed to relax. With ear plugs in and, if you wish, the tank’s interior lights off, the quietness and the darkness allow the mind to drift into the deepest state of relaxation possible. This in turn balances the brain: that is, reduces the activity in the left (logical) side of the brain and increases activity in the right (creative) side. For the first time, both sides of your brain are in total harmony. When you consider that we normally only use 11% of our total brain power, you can see that a session in the tank enables us to tap into a huge, previously unavailable source of creativity, imagination, self-visualisation and problem solving.
The FTA is a non-profit making organisation run by its members to educate the public about the benefits of floating and to promote best practice in the industry. Each member abides by a Code of Practice to ensure the safe and ethical provision of floatation therapy.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 22 source=c4 split=train =====
Зря ты это сказа́л. Тепе́рь весь го́род бу́дет знать. — You shouldn't have said that. Now the whole town will know.
Зря мы стара́лись. Всё равно́ никто́ не оцени́л. — All our efforts were in vain. Nobody appreciated them.
This page was last modified on 10 July 2008, at 09:17.
This article uses material from the English Wiktionary entry "зря".

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 23 source=c4 split=train =====
Data is vital for businesses to develop bright economic decisions. There exists a substantial number of data in purchase to continue to keep tabs on. In addition, because a effect of communal along with official data there’s a significant amount of info for every firm to manage. In the event the data not necessarily entered inside the exact same structure or perhaps when the achievement is not going to conform with the initially decided workflows, or perhaps in the event the inside procedures not necessarily followed in a similar way by every one of the personnel, the application form aren’t supply predicted effects. Financial data is going to become the most crucial facts clients is going to most very likely must determine desire quality through performing on the agency. In the totally no cost demo period you will still have amazing opportunity to have a look at the digital info room and determine if it could a appropriate pick for your undertaking. Utilizing a digital data room provides the needed security to permit you to execute your organization without fear of securities break or information thievery. This can likewise supply the capability to discuss documents. It commonly usually VDR is a series of private extranets providing you with online repository of info. The digital info space happens to be a business deal location. In conclusion, whether this is utilised in conjunction with physical data room or as a stand-alone programme, undoubtedly that VDR is going to help extend the capacity of this enterprise to talk about very sensitive info with other group in a protected system. An electronic info place or perhaps digital deal place stipulates the capacity to send important documents and files when they’re wanted quickly.
An information room can easily supply the ability just for a number of people to interact with each other and show data which in turn have to get secure for assorted details. Your protect data room allows you to have the capacity to safeguard the true information even though sharing this with persons that require most of it. Anyways, a protected info bedroom will take an individual user name and username and password each and every time that you want to gain access to facts. Secure info areas possess display alternatives for the purpose of benefit involved with growing the actual data by using storage space and transmission. As you prepare your virtual data bedroom you raise the value of your company. Versatility A top-quality digital data place is one that provides you with the flexibleness to do elements how you wish. Even if perhaps the place was exploited just for inner requirements just like management of assistance between lots of teams, it is crucial to screen the actions of staff. Although it is quite intuitive, an internet training could help cutting edge users to learn the alternatives as well as the support staff may lead them through the entire entire package. For exactly the same time, the digital bedrooms are extremely more comfortable for the purpose of all individuals and associates, since its make use of may not require a complicated learning process. Whilst virtual facts rooms generate various extra benefits, this is definitely not correct each moreover to every web business. A digital info room can assist you to decide in the degree of contract that you want to give to a number of people just who obtain access to the documents. For that reason, that is actually very cautioned to research the different digital information bedroom at home staff which in turn therefore could possibly get in the spot to end the really acknowledged diligence procedure.
Follow the hyperlink for even more information regarding Digital Data Room: pacificavacations.in .

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 24 source=c4 split=train =====
Should I Seek Medical Attention After a Car Accident Even if I Don't Think I'm Hurt?
It is prudent to be examined by a doctor or other qualified medical professional as soon as possible after you are involved in a car wreck. You should overcome the natural tendency to avoid going to a doctor or hospital, and wanting to avoid the hassle and expense of seeking medical care. Don't wait even a few days to evaluate how you feel after an auto accident before deciding to seek medical attention. The wait-and-see approach is not the best course of action.
If you believe there is any possibility you've been hurt as a result of a crash, get prompt medical attention. Accept medical treatment at the scene of the accident when it is offered. Ask to be transported to the emergency room, and accept whatever treatment is offered at the scene. It is best to let the emergency room professionals ascertain the severity of injuries and the proper course of treatment. Beyond that, keep follow-up appointments with doctors, including specialists, if required.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 25 source=c4 split=train =====
Edmontonians look to their City government to provide a wide variety of programs, services and infrastructure.
In order to fund such things, the City utilizes several revenue sources. Most notably is property tax, which typically accounts for over 50 per cent of operating revenues. Other sources of revenue include franchise fees, government grants, investment income and earnings, fines and penalties, licensing and permits, and customer and developer contributions. Having a variety of revenue streams helps to diversify and strengthen the City’s financial position.
City programs and services are typically available to every citizen and are paid for through tax-supported revenue. However, the costs of certain City services are also partially recovered through user fees — which are payments made by the direct users of the service.
For many of the services offered by the City, there is no comparable service available in the marketplace, such as fire rescue services, policing, transit, outdoor pools, etc. The aim of these services is to enhance the overall public good. However, for some City services there is also a private benefit received by the direct users of the service. In such instances, user fees can be an appropriate tool to recover costs in relation to these private benefits. This would be the case for both recreation services and the Edmonton Transit System.
When considering user fee policy, it is important to consider how user fees can play a role in equitably distributing service costs between individual users and society at large, limiting tax increases, enabling freedom of choice, more efficiently allocating government dollars, regulating demand, helping achieve the City’s strategic goals and infrastructure financing.
To better understand the application of user fees, we invite you to read the User Fees White paper so that you may contribute your ideas and help shape the City’s policy.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 26 source=c4 split=train =====
I, and we, take pride in delivering assignments and projects on time, on budget and with high quality. Depending on assignment, the method of execution might differ. A key success factor is communication within every assignment. And we are the best listeners - responsive to our customers needs.
In the spring of 2015 Annika Englund and myself started the community G3nius where we work to get more girls and women into tech. Or to stay in tech for that matter. We have arranged conferences at Internetdagarna 2015 and 2016. Take a look at Youtube for some great speaches.
You find my CV on LinkedIn.
The implementation of the GDPR led to the position as DPO.
Product Manager for CX with a large operator in Sweden.
We arrange a pitch event with female founders in September and an event at Internetdagarna - "Where are the gals?"
A 10 week MOOC course. Perhaps the most straining educational undertaking ever.
We talked about entrepreneurship, about mobility and how to make the world better. Cameron drinks coffee. Black.
2011 Runner up: "Technical woman of the Year - Sweden"
Co-founder of the company that makes it happen. Receives a SIME award for best Scandinavian Mobile Service.
Sweden's first connection between a fixed PSTN telephony network and IP was implemented between NETnet and Glocalnet.
After a long time with Ericsson's not so successful adventure AXE-N, the goal was changed into a more efficient approach. My team implemented the switch in Erlang. The team consisted of 13 people.
Send me an email if you want to get in touch with me.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 27 source=c4 split=train =====
How do we explain the bizarre recent National Intelligence Estimate (NIE) on Iran, which stated in its opening sentence that the ayatollahs had halted their nuclear weapons program in 2003, even as, tucked away in a footnote, the same document noted that the most critical component of such a weapons program–uranium enrichment–was proceeding at full tilt?
Even Mike McConnell, the director of national intelligence, the man who presides over the 16 agencies that comprise the U.S. “intelligence community,” was compelled to back away from the assessment issued by his own subordinates. In retrospect, he said in testimony before Congress on February 5, “I probably would have changed a thing or two” in the way the intelligence was presented to the public. The “halt” referred to in the NIE, he conceded, involved the “least significant part” of the program, which was “the only thing” in the Iranian nuclear effort that actually may have stopped.
McConnell’s repudiation of the work of his own staff raises some obvious questions about the organization of his office. One such question: Is anyone in charge of quality control in the cockpit of the most pivotal intelligence position in the United States?
There is in fact a bureaucratic unit designed for such a task. Back in September, McConnell appointed an “assistant deputy director of national intelligence for analytic integrity and standards.” The occupant of this position is to ensure that intelligence products–reports like the NIE–are created according to accepted norms and are vetted properly for accuracy and lack of bias. The same official also serves as the “analytic ombudsman” of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. In other words, he is the individual who investigates complaints by others of shortcomings in the production of intelligence analyses.
Who holds this critical job? The present incumbent is one Richard H. Immerman, who up until his appointment was a professor at Temple University and the author of a number of books, including one about CIA depredations in Guatemala. Immerman has an essay in the current issue of Diplomatic History, the scholarly journal of the Society for Historians of American Foreign Relations, and it makes for interesting reading.
Titled “Intelligence and Strategy,” Immerman’s article is a survey of the various ways that intelligence has been distorted for political purposes across the history of the CIA. It ranges over a great many issues of historical importance, including Vietnam and the Soviet-American arms race, and also more recent controversies, like the Bush administration’s decision to depose Saddam Hussein.
This is but a sampling of the scholarship of Professor Immerman. What are we to make of such Michael Moore-like thinking coming from the lips of a ranking U.S. intelligence official, the very official in charge of maintaining the “integrity and standards” of our intelligence community? And, more important, what does Mike McConnell make of it?
The problem is not merely that someone who is himself so clearly a “rabid ideologue” might have been responsible for vetting the Iran NIE and then letting a skewed declassified summary of it out the door. Given how recently Immerman took his job, his precise role in the fiasco is unclear, although it is suggestive that his direct supervisor is Thomas Fingar, one of the authors of the controversial document. The real problem is that someone like Immerman, nakedly contemptuous of the administration in which he nonetheless sought a job, was appointed to a position of such high responsibility–or any responsibility–in the first place. Who made that decision and why?
The Bush administration has been repeatedly condemned for politicizing intelligence. But the shoe is being tied on the wrong foot. The politicization of the intelligence community comes from within. Indeed, those responsible for maintaining analytic integrity are themselves generally lacking in the very quality. We can reform and reshuffle the intelligence community from now until kingdom come, but, as long as such types remain fixed in place, the politicization of intelligence will persist.
Gabriel Schoenfeld, senior editor of Commentary, writes daily at connectingthedots.us.com.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 28 source=c4 split=train =====
Devices come, devices go. Today we are hearing both good and bad news from Apple, ZTE and T-Mobile.
Next Apple TV missing out on 4K support?
Apple is said to be getting ready to launch a new Apple TV. New streaming TV services are in the works and the last Apple TV’s price has been discounted, so now we are all just waiting for Apple to unveil its next set-top box.
Opinion: That argument can’t really be argued, but things are getting better. And based on what we have seen in the past, the new Apple TV will probably stick around for at least some years. Maybe the box will acquire this highly anticipated feature with a later update.
Need to get yourself an affordable, off-contract, unlocked smartphone? ZTE has many options for you, but their latest product has just been launched globally. It’s the ZTE Blade S6+ and costs only $299.99 on eBay, but for a limited time you can get it for $269.99.
Specs include a 5.5-inch 720p display, a Snapdragon 615 processor, 2 GB of RAM, 16 GB of internal storage, 13/5 MP cameras and Android 5.0.2 Lollipop.
Opinion: Certainly not a bad phone for the price. The processor is significantly higher than the Snapdragon 400-bearing affordable handsets, but it should offer a pretty good bump in performance.
T-Mobile no longer selling the Sony Xperia Z3!
Sony is usually a bit quicker to release new smartphones, but they take a bit to reach US carriers. Sadly, it seems like these devices are leaving the shelves even faster then they are getting there. T-Mobile has been offering the Xperia Z3 for only about half a year and now they have pulled the plug on it.
The news comes from a Tweet T-Mobile wrote in answer to a frustrated customer who couldn’t find Sony’s flagship smartphone in Magenta’s website. This could also be good news, though. Does it mean they are getting ready to start offering the Sony Xperia Z4? We will see.
Opinion: Sony is having a hard time getting popularity in the USA, and it’s because of situations such as this one. There’s a certain instability with Sony devices being released here. Not to mention, Sony still isn’t the best at upgrading their phones’ software.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 29 source=c4 split=train =====
​Your Energizer is the heart of your electric fence. Gallagher Energizers deliver power and performance in all climates and geographic conditions. Selecting a larger Energizer than you need, results in better stock control and a larger safety factor if the fence or installation is imperfect (forage/vegetation interference​, etc.) ​ All USA Gallagher Energizers purchased on or after January 1, 2018 come with a three year warranty and a 30-day satisfaction guarantee.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 30 source=c4 split=train =====
In light of the recent popular technological trends, information, communication and mobilisation become the three main motivations of todays customers. Portable computers, Internet and mobile telephony are the primary means that provide the users with the services and applications that satisfy the popular demand. However, the efforts of the multiple vendors to cope with the demand lead the internetwork of today to a heterogeneous infrastructure. Thus, the technological supply-demand chain in telecommunications causes the complexity of both the user devices as well as that of the network to increase. The device complexity is reflected to the typically inexperienced user as a series of difficult configuration tasks, whereas the network complexity is caused by the need to support heterogeneity, quality of service, security and mobility in the network. These issues slow down the application development process significantly and cause the user demand not to be met in time. In addition to the user, they also challenge the two major actors of network management. The network operators, for instance, have to deal with the integration of new communication technologies into existing infrastructures, such that the manageability of their network is improved and their capacity is better utilised, whereas the service providers have to deploy novel services as quickly as possible, such that they experience the benefits of early adaptation and increase their revenues. However, the current network architecture suffers from several major drawbacks and is not flexible enough to support these actors with these features. We believe that a new approach to network design is necessary in order to address the issues stated above. This article presents this approach, which we term network economy. It redefines next generation networks as a service-centric environment with the three actors mentioned above, who build a mutual interest relationship with their respective collection of diverse resources. The objective of network economy is to enable the trading of these resources in a distributed yet organised and intelligent manner, such that all the actors have the chance to maximise the network efficiency with respect to their own views. In order to achieve this objective, the intelligence level of the network is increased by decision engines incorporated into a new node structure, which collect information from the network, classify and store it in a repository to be queried later by their peers. The approach is accompanied by context-aware, self-organising user devices. Thus, network economy provides a network-wide infrastructure to benefit users, service developers as well as network operators.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 31 source=c4 split=train =====
Ha-Ha! Very funny Blizzard! XD Stronk. Laugh out loud!!
Looks like a stupid typo! Editors should be ashamed to let it by.
Now just add Tortollan Terror Troops to Tortollan NPCs and get rid of the zergs camping players at these WQs.
You kids over here should probably look into playing a game or two that you find more enjoyable if you're gonna fly off the handle at a not-even-accidental typo.
I find the Blockade ping-pong balancing to be more funny tbh.
Are the "git-guud" idiots gonna now be "git-stonk?"
I'm a 100% sure that's not a typo.
All you guys need is a chill pill.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 32 source=c4 split=train =====
Is Chemotherapy an Effective Treatment?
1. CHEMOTHERAPY AN EFFECTIVE TREATMENT?
Have you been just prescribed chemotherapy? This means that your doctor needs you to start taking medications for treating your cancer. Your doctor will explain how chemotherapy keeps a check on the spread of cancer. It may be prearranged alone or before , after surgery .It can be injected in the veins, tumer or muscle, delivered in the body cavity or can be taken orally as pill. The question is chemotherapy really effective? This depends on how the medications can kill the cancer growing cells.
2. CHEMOTHERAPY A MAGIC BULLET?
This depends on your situation. For effective results one you must stick to the prescribed dose, be it daily, weekly or monthly. Number of cancers responds well to chemotherapy. It includes lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin’s disease etc. Chemotherapy can increase the life expectancy in such cases. In cases such as ovarion cancer to an extent, acute cell lung cancer chemotherapy adds a few years of life. Chemotherapy can be combined with surgery or radiation for increased effectiveness. Chemotherapy shrinks or lessen the pain.the doctor may try various combinations of chemotherapeutic agents to develop greater efficiency of chemotherapy or to avoid the affected cells to turn resistant to a single agent.
3. HOW EFFICIENT IS CHEMOTHERAPY IN FIGHTING CANCER?
Again .this varies on the situation and the nature of cancer.if prescribed early, chemotherapy has shown success rate of uotp 90% in acute choriocarcinoma, Burkett’s lymphoma if diagnosed early, ll-lll stage testicular cancer, Lymphoma and sarcomas in childhood. More advanced is the disease lesser chances to cure or treat cancer. There is constant risk of reappearance of cancer. However bespoke chemotherapy which is based on genetic profile can add to the effectiveness many fold, for example low-risk lymphoblastic leukemia in childrens.
4.WHAT ARE THE CHANCES OF SURVIVAL AFTER OR WITH CHEMOTHERAPY?
It is different to one cancer to another, depending upon various factors. For example in advanced stages of ovarian cancer multidrug chemo with a platinum and taxane based medicine delivered directly in the abdomen helps women survive five years. Better diagnosis and early detection and effective care increase the chance of survival for a longer period.
5. IS CHEMOTHERAPY EFFECTIVE WITHOUT THE SIDE EFFECT?
Chemotherapy has negative effects, it causes negative effects on healthy cells as it gets rid the cancer cells. So the experts are searching newer ways of chemotherapy that only targets the cancer cells leaving normal cells unaffected. Advances in genetics are increasing the ways of new chemotherapy with minimum side effects.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 33 source=c4 split=train =====
Do you need a Speedy Payday Loans in in Wainwright, Muskogee county, OK 74468, USA? Hey, it happens to the best of us. There are a few things you should know about the types of loans available to you! Get approved for a good or bad credit personal loan quickly from a local Wainwright, Muskogee county, OK 74468, USA We connect you to dozens of lenders who offer quick cash advance loans, for $100 to $1000 online. Payday Loans Through Paypal, Visa, Mastercard, Skrill - 98% Approved in 1 Hour. Easy Approved. Easy Loan, Get Fast Cash Advance Now.
It's a totally new way of borrowing. Our unique technology gives you an online decision in minutes. Poor credit unSecured Loans in Paypal, Visa, Mastercard, Skrill: Our system automatically seek over 345 Cash Advance stores and once you order. We provide you directly to a professional lenders online to provide rapid approval on your USA Payday Loans in Wainwright (Muskogee County) OK.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 34 source=c4 split=train =====
For over twelve years, Peruvian Fair Trade has been privileged to work closely with some of the finest traditional cottage industries of South America. During that time, we have developed and nurtured unique relationships with these artisans, based on a long history of mutual respect and fair dealings. Although there is no formally recognized "fair trade" standard for the apparel and gift industry overall, we take our commitment to fair trade with the South American artisans with whom we work very seriously. Furthermore, we strive to work with those vendors that ensure only the best working conditions for their employees.
Peruvian Fair Trade does not own any production facilities in Peru, but we do regularly visit the cottage industries and factories where our production is made. We have worked with many of those small cottage industries 10 years or more, and we do not associate with vendors who use child labor or permit poor working conditions. We know the owners of these businesses personally, and as a company, we strive to do business with them in a fair and respectful manner. In addition, our staff conducts routine factory visits and spends long hours doing extensive quality control inspections. We are satisfied that the artisans who make our production work in satisfactory conditions and are treated with dignity and respect.
The talented artisans with whom we work are in the most skilled tier of artisan production. As such, they are among some of the highest paid people in their profession and are generally very much in demand. Although we are not privy to the specific rates our cottage industry owners pay their artisans, typically, our vendors go to great lengths to keep their skilled artisan work force. These efforts include providing them with transportation, hot meals, bonuses, time off and even day care in some cases.
We work closely with our vendors to set fair prices for their products and only very minimally negotiate prices to ensure that the artisans receive a fair wage for their talents. As a result of the long-term relationships that we have nurtured with these Peruvian artisans over the past 12 years, we are able to offer our customers an exquisite array of extraordinary art knits and beautiful accessories at fair prices.
Peruvian Fair Trade's commitment to the many artisans with whom we work goes well beyond paying fair wages. We are also committed to supporting many local causes in Peru. Notably, Peruvian Fair Trade helps support an artisan trade school in Peru, helps raise funds for school meals and uniforms ( at a special program for learning disabled children in Peru), and is the primary support of a day care center for children of artisans in Lima, Peru, which provide a caring and healthy environment for children, enabling their mothers to take on employment to provide an income for their families.
We strongly believe in economic opportunities for women in Peru, and Peruvian Fair Trade supports effectively micro loans to women artisans that are self employed and rely solely in their income as artisans full time.We have disbursed $28 dolars in loans in 2 years to micro-entrepreneurs, maintaining a repayment rate of 99.5 percent. We are extremely proud to be a close associate and supporters of these hard working women.
We are fortunate to be able to do business with the many talented artisans in Peru, and we are also gratified by the opportunities Peruvian Fair Trade has helped to create for Peruvian artisans. We hope that you will join us in celebrating the wonderful history and culture of the Andes, brought to us by those artisans who put their hearts and souls into every detail of every finished piece we bring to you.
With sustainability in mind, fresh ideas and innovative design, we strive to bring you contemporary crafts and folk art to smile about. By developing opportunities and guiding our artist partners to go beyond the ordinary, we empower creative women and family workshops in Peru to help themselves and their community. Peruvian Fair Trade has been a proud member of the Fair Trade Federation since 2004.
AtPeruvian Fair Trade, we strive to empower Peruvian artists through design and Fair Trade, and from our commitment to sustainability, we are proud to support these like-mided organizations and individuals making a difference and helping make the world a better place. We hope you would enjoy supporting them as well!
The Fair Trade Federation is the trade association that strengthens and promotes North American organizations fully committed to fair trade. The Federation is part of the global fair trade movement, building equitable and sustainable trading partnerships and creating opportunities to alleviate poverty. The Federation's values guide our work to create a just and sustainable economic system.
Green America is a not-for-profit membership organization founded in 1982. It aims to harness economic power—the strength of consumers, investors, businesses, and the marketplace—to create a socially just and environmentally sustainable society. Co-op Amercia provides information tools and resources for making more educated purchasing decisions, promotes green and fair trade based business, and calls for an end to corporate irresponsibility through collective economic action.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 35 source=c4 split=train =====
We continue to receive help and support, when we have queries – very reassuring. There is no way I can thank them enough for the endless emergency phone calls we made for help and guidance with our new IT systems, whilst we were getting used to them. Wishing you both all the best.
Staff management is often regarded as an inconvenience that detracts from the daily delivery of dentistry, but this is far from being the case, as positive team management should be recognised as a major opportunity that will contribute greatly to the delivery of a first class Patient experience and increased profitability.
How does this compare with your Dental Practice?
Q. Are the team managing you?
Q. Are they adequately trained to perform their duties?
Q. Are they fully engaged?
Q. Do you keep your team fully informed through regular staff meetings?
Q. Does every Team member have a Contract and an appropriate Job Description?
Q. Do you conduct regular Staff Appraisals supported by training and development arrangements?
Q. Do they feel valued and do you reward your team for their efforts?
By ensuring these areas are effectively managed, you will create positive opportunities to develop a strong supportive Team capable of taking your Dental Practice forward.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 36 source=c4 split=train =====
Find Consumer Protection Lawyers and Consumer Protection Law Firms. Now that you have selected a practice area for your attorney search, narrow your results to find Consumer Protection attorneys for your state. Or to expand your search for more attorneys, search all Consumer Rights areas including Identity Theft attorneys.
Don't get fooled- get full tort!
In Pennsylvania, if you have full tort option, and you are involved in an auto accident and you are not at fault, you can sue the negligent person to collect your economic damages, such as medical expenses or lost income which may exceed the coverage you have on your own policy. You may also sue the other person to collect non-economic damages such as pain and suffering. If you have limited tort option, you give up your right to sue the negligent party for your non-economic damages such as pain and suffering, unless you suffer a serious injury or fall within one of the exceptions listed below. Serious injury has been defined as death, serious impairment of a body function or a serious permanent disfigurement.
Why retain a timeshare attorney, when my rights are protected by regulatory agencies?
Learn more about why its important to hire a timeshare cancellation attorney!
Timeshare transfer/ cancellation companies – be cautious!
Learn more about timeshare cancellation attorney!
This article answers four basic questions about timeshare ownership.
If your debts continue to escalate, along with threats from creditors and collection agencies, consult with a skilled debt management attorney from a firm like Fitzgerald & Campbell, APLC to fend off the threat of a collections lawsuit.
What are massachusetts heat laws?
Understanding the Massachusetts state sanitary code can be overwhelming. This article will help clarify the regulations are they pertain to the heat laws.
Fraud due to empty promises is one reason forgiveness is sought for many student loans, with a recent news article stating that the majority of these cases filed are by borrowers who attended for-profit learning institutions.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 37 source=c4 split=train =====
Shades of the KKK, which drew attention for similarly joining the anti-litter effort a few years back.
As the Department of Transportation notes, all groups are welcome as long as they don't use profanity or engage in illegal activities.
"As long as the organization holds up their end of the agreement to pick up litter at least four times a year, ArDOT will provide them a sign," [DOT's Danny] Straessle said.
The organization says they want people to promote religious freedom in the state of Arkansas.
"We are a collective of like-minded Satanists who work to improve our community in Arkansas while we work to educate people about modern atheistic satanism and promote religious freedom in our state," said an organization official.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 38 source=c4 split=train =====
After finding propane (and inventing a way to actually have our horizontal tank filled by gravity) on one of the San Blas islands, exploring the waters around Dog Island – where we snorkeled on a wreck, which was quite amazing – and waiting around for the vegetable boat to show up, Mark and I arrived at one of the most remote and outer laying anchorages of Kuna Yala. While the wind from the ocean keeps the temperature down and the wind generator happy, the extensive reefs protect us from the swell. The water around us is drop dead gorgeous and I can’t get enough of just sitting outside and looking around. When standing on Irie’s deck, we see starfish scattered on the sandy bottom and the occasional ray or shark swim by.
Settled into the new environs, we handed our friends from SV Reach, SV Infinity, SV Kaya and SV Sawadi their share of fresh vegetables and were rewarded with an abundance of freshly caught (and cleaned!) fish. Not only were we stocked up on veggies and treated with a big rainstorm that nearly filled our water tank, we now had protein for a week as well! Welcome to the blissful central lagoon for an extended stay!
Having so many “youngsters” around means that there is always something to do: early morning yoga, snorkeling, swimming or beach combing during the day, fishing (hunting) for the men in the afternoon, baking at any part of the day and social gatherings with new recipes and wonderful food at night. And, of course, there are plenty of quiet days spent reading or enjoying time with the other half. One day, Mark and I explored a big chunk of sea and shores by dinghy and snorkeled in the "Japanese Garden", where we – unfortunately – saw a lionfish. Since that day we have seen plenty more on the reef patches around Irie. They are very pretty, but kill the reefs and mess up the ecosystem by feeding on the bottom layers of the food chain and reproducing en masse without having natural predators. It appears to be a real problem in the Caribbean.
Eating a freshly made bagel (thank you, Gretchen!) on my own bagel!
The view from Irie I have come to love very much!
Brazil sounds like an interesting and exciting place to cruise as well, based on your comments. Did you sail there from Europe? Are you Dutch?
Hi Liesbet, Yes I am from Holland (from the Island Ameland as a matter of fact...) I live in Brazil already some 15 years, and the last three live aboard the Catamaran. I didnt sail her from Europe.
Thanks for yr comments on garbage.. and i will surely be on the lookout for yr next blog post.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 39 source=c4 split=train =====
NASHUA – What completes a previous U.S. Air Force fighter pilot and long-term worker in the international defense industry do after he retires for the second time?
If you’re Don Hallenbeck of Nashua, you begin an organization that encourages arms deals in, of all places, Taiwan.
Hallenbeck is CEO and partner of Far East Support Services, an organization headquartered in Nashua with four workplaces in Taiwan and one in Madison, Alabama, with multi-year contracts from the U.S. Armed force and military maker Lockheed Martin Corp. for program support of conveyances, establishment and checkout of various Patriot Fire Units in Taiwan.
Far East doesn’t assist in the manufacture of the Patriots, but provides all of the business and field support of the U.S. Army’s in-country Patriot Program Management Office and Lockheed technicians.“We provide comprehensive administrative, business and field support, including offices, housing, transportation, meeting and conference coordination, and translation,” Hallenbeck said.
The idea for FESS came from Hallenbeck and an associate at Raytheon, where Hallenbeck worked after retiring from the Air Force.
This is not an easy business to get into, Hallenbeck pointed out.
There is even a complication regarding foreign currency.
Doing business in Taiwan necessitates multi-language skills for FESS employees.
“All of our contract personnel are trilingual in reading, writing and speaking English, Mandarin and Taiwanese languages and all translate and interpret at Patriot program meetings,” Hallenbeck said.
It took Hallenbeck and his partner nine months to arrange registration and licensing in the U.S. and Taiwan — and more than a year to secure his first contract.
In addition to the U.S. Army, Far East has since received a five-year contract from Lockheed Missiles and Fire Control in Dallas, which manufacturers, sells and provides field support for Patriot missiles and launchers in Taiwan.
Far East currently has four offices in Taiwan – one in support of the U.S. Army and three in support of Lockheed, extending from Taipei in the north to Kaohsiung in the southern end of the country.
Hallenbeck flew fighters for the U.S. Air Force for 20 years.
He was hired by Raytheon after his military service and worked for the company for 24 years. “As a former fighter pilot, Raytheon was eager to hire me, but my real task was to sell other fire units,” he added.
Far East is looking to expand its business base to other non-English speaking U.S. allied nations in the Far East.
For more information on FESS, visit www.fess.us.com.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 40 source=c4 split=train =====
Castorama Armoire De toilette – From the thousand photographs on the internet with regards to castorama armoire de toilette, picks the top collections having ideal image resolution exclusively for you all, and this photographs is actually among photos selections within our greatest images gallery with regards to Castorama Armoire De toilette. I’m hoping you may as it.
put up by means of admin at 2018-01-16 12:27:01. To see all pictures with Castorama Armoire De toilette photographs gallery you need to abide by this specific url.
Castorama Armoire De Toilette Beautiful Armoires De Toilettes Castorama Cheap Ides Dimages De Armoire De Uploaded by admin on Tuesday, January 16th, 2018 in category armoires.
See also Castorama Armoire De Toilette Unique Idées De Cabinet Meuble De Rangement Castorama Succ¨sélégant from armoires Topic.
Here we have another image Castorama Armoire De Toilette Luxury Cache Pteur Electrique Castorama Avec Armoires De Toilette featured under Castorama Armoire De Toilette Beautiful Armoires De Toilettes Castorama Cheap Ides Dimages De Armoire De. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to download the pictures in high quality, simply right click the image and choose "Save As". Thanks for reading Castorama Armoire De Toilette Beautiful Armoires De Toilettes Castorama Cheap Ides Dimages De Armoire De.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 41 source=c4 split=train =====
For those who want to leave a lump sum to pay a potential inheritance tax liability or simply to cover your funeral costs. This type of policy is usually written in trust to make the whole process of administering your estate on your death that bit easier. It also makes sure that only the people who you want to benefit do benefit. We can help establish if you have a need and help you find the plan that best meets your requirements, contact us to discuss your needs.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 42 source=c4 split=train =====
As a consultant in the recording industry Mark deals daily with the full range of acoustical projects, and is capable of taking on your project from the smallest to the largest. The intelligence behind the information you use to build with is critical, and our detailed service and depth of experience will save you time and money. Ultimate satisfaction comes in knowing that you did it right the first time, using valid information reviewed from the beginning, eliminating costly mistakes. We will discuss your needs, and then tailor a custom system just for you which will surpass any test put upon it. From a simple mix, to mastering a record, we can meet your needs. The costs for our services are based on hourly rates on the front end, but design packaging is available. Have us quote on your project today.
Mark has been designing music studios and building recording performance rooms for over 25 years for names like Take 6, EMI/Sparrow, Provident Music Publishing, Yanni, John Tesh, and a host of others. CAD/CAM software is employed for all project development, and the finished blueprints are delivered to the job ready to build. Just choose a qualified local builder, and/or have Studio Construction Service quote on specific areas of work or project management. From isolated floors, walls and ceiling systems, to custom doors, windows and acoustics, we will make sure your recording studio design is done right. Let’s not forget the quiet ventilation, clean power, wiring and workstation issues. It’s all one complete system, working together seamlessly.
What is the goal of your acoustic space, and who is your end user?
Dimensions of the space, and do you have scaled drawings and photos of your space?
What is the location of your space, relative to other rooms, buildings, etc?
What are the existing HVAC and electrical conditions?
What kind of budget do you have?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 43 source=c4 split=train =====
The virtual Observatory (VO) allows accessing data from different data centers and supplies tools to analyze them. This is possible thanks to standards that are defined by the Virtual Observatory Alliance (IVOA). Those are continuously updated to fit the user needs. The basic objective of the VO is to provide users an easy way to access a collection of heterogeneous data through Internet and user-friendly tools to interpret and understand them. In order to benefit from existing tools, datasets need to be supplied in VOTable format.
The VOTable format is based on XML (Extensible Markup Language) - it is consequently defined by its XML-schema. This format is self-descriptive and can be used to define unambiguously the data that it contains (see the footnote).
nice_css.xsl. Visualize the VOTable ITRF2005.XML with that stylesheet (XSLT 1.0).
vot2ssc.xslt. If applied to ITRF2005.XML, this stylesheet transforms the file to a slightly modified version of the SSC format that has been used to provide ITRF solutions in the past : xslt_transform.txt. This transformation can not be realized without an Internet navigator compatible with XSLT 2.0.
http://hpiers.obspm.fr/icrs-pc/. ICRFs solutions are already available in VOTable format.
http://ivsopar.obspm.fr/vo. OPAR (one of the IVS analysis centers) provides their products in VOTable.
Footnote: 'Unified Content Descriptors' (UCD) define unambiguously a physical quantity. A working group has started to propose all the UCDs needed for geodesy which allows an unambiguous broadcasting of all geodetic datasets. Thus, geodetic data can be integrated easily in the Virtual Observatory. Draft of the UCDs to be used in geodesy has been proposed by the working group OV-Gaff.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 44 source=c4 split=train =====
Cleo is a hero in Art of Conquest. As the final scion of the mythical sphinxes, Cleo is heiress to unlimited knowledge. She despises the ignorant, yet they never learn to avoid her wrath.
Cleo's abilities synergize very well with each other, but there is one in particular you should be wary of.
If you play with any humanoid units, DO NOT place any points into the Book of Eclipse, this will randomly lower the overall damage of your army. If you don't use humanoid troops, place as many points as possible into this ability to make it last longer, maybe long enough for it to be triggered again before it's effects end!
Most of the time, you'll want to place most of your points into the Tome of Creation with leftover points into the Tome of Wisdom for increased Magic. Don't underestimate the black hole summoned, as it can help you achieve the No Casualties Requirement inside the Void Mirror if used properly. Remember that it cannot pull in larger creatures such as Spiders, Tanks, and Bosses.
Arcane Codex 1 Mana Through studying ancient manuscripts, Cleo has mastered arcane magic. Every time she attacks, there is a 35% chance of releasing a Dark Orb that deals an extra 100 / 220 / 400 / 640 / 940 / X / X / X / X damage to enemy units. Magic increases damage.
Book of Eclipse Passive After releasing 3 Dark Orbs, Cleo uses the Book of Eclipse, which causes the battlefield to be enveloped in shadow. This greatly reduces damage dealt by Humanoid Units. The eclipse lasts for 6 / 8 / 10 / 12 / 15 / 18 / X / X / X seconds.
Tome of Pain 1 Mana The Tome of Pain contains enormously destructive dark magic. When Cleo opens it, the fury of the gods is released, dealing 22 / 48 / 87 / 139 / 204 / X / X / X / X damage to enemies within a radius of 5. Additional damage is dealt when the battlefield is under an eclipse. Magic increases damage.
Tome of Wisdom Passive This ancient tome contains powerful secrets for mage. Every time Cleo reads from its pages, her Magic becomes much stronger. Cleo has read from the tome N times, increasing her Magic by 1 / 3 / X / X / X / X / X / X / X.
Tome of Redemption Passive The Tome of Redemption tells how to raise the souls of the dead. With its teachings, she is able to revive 8 / 16 / 26 / 36 / 48 / 62 / 80% of destroyed Undead Units. This is only effective on units that were destroyed during an eclipse.
Tome of Creation 5 Mana Cleo turns the target area into a black hole, creating a large gravitational field. Enemies dragged into the black hole suffer 28 / 60 / 108 / 172 / X damage. The black hole persists for 5 / 5.5 / 6 / 6.5 / X seconds. The higher the ability level, the stronger the black hole. Magic increases damage.
This page was last edited on 28 August 2018, at 14:10.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 45 source=c4 split=train =====
Items where Author is "Alipour, S."
Rahmani, J. and Alipour, S. and Miri, A. and Fakhri, Y. and Riahi, S.-M. and Keramati, H. and Moradi, M. and Amanidaz, N. and Pouya, R.H. and Bahmani, Z. and Mousavi Khaneghah, A. (2018) The prevalence of aflatoxin M1 in milk of Middle East region: A systematic review, meta-analysis and probabilistic health risk assessment. Food and Chemical Toxicology, 118. pp. 653-666.
This list was generated on Fri Apr 26 19:24:09 2019 IRDT.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 46 source=c4 split=train =====
Dynamic Russian violinist Leonid Kogan is joined by his daughter Nina, an accomplished pianist in her own right, for this unforgettable classical recital. Two Tchaikovsky works, Glazunov's "Entracte" from "Raymunda," and other pieces are performed, including a series of Paganini variations. 60 min. Soundtrack: English Dolby Digital stereo.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 47 source=c4 split=train =====
Location is 2nd floor. 1 room suite for $400//mo: includes heat, electric, water & sewer; rental for 2 rooms for $750 & whole upstairs 3 rooms plus conference room $1200. Office furniture included. Large Professional office building - various options available.
I was searching for a Property and found this listing (MLS® #3537085). Please send me more information regarding 55-57 High St, Newton Town, NJ, 07860-1705. Thank you!
I'd like to request a showing of 55-57 High St, Newton Town, NJ, 07860-1705 (MLS® #3537085). Thank you!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 48 source=c4 split=train =====
i made a skirt for mackenzie.
it is even wearable, well, at least i think it is...haha.
jer was busy studying (as per usual) the other night and i was feeling very creative. i hunted the house for some leftover fabric and seeing as this was the first time i was making one, i didn't mind using some scrap material. i figured it was a test run.
i was surprised by how much fun i had and how simple it was. i took a skirt that mack already had and laid it down on the fabric as a template for my pattern. the only thing i had a real issue with was the elastic for the waist. the way i had read to do it just wasn't working for me, so after discussing it with jer i decided to wing it. anyways, i am sure there are much easier ways to do it, but mine had the same outcome so we were happy.
i can't wait to make her some more clothes and now find myself having pretty little ideas to whip up in my head for her.
i am in dangerous territory now. at first i thought i had it bad with just knitting stuff for us, but now with all the possibilities of sewing out there.......i just need to find some more time to make all the projects running around in my head.
my nana made this cute little dress for mackenzie and i had to post some pics of her wearing it the other day. thanks for the dress and for passing down the sewing bug!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 49 source=c4 split=train =====
The unique sea dragon was recorded off Australia, its natural habitat.
January 13, 2017, 1:59 p.m.
We thought the world contained only two sea dragon species, but then scientists identified a third in 2015 — a fiery red one. Using specimens that dated back to 1919, they deemed it the ruby sea dragon (Phyllopteryx dewysea) for its bright colorization. Now, we have our first look at the rare sea dragon in the waters of Western Australia, its natural habitat.
Fighting poor weather, researchers deployed a miniature remotely operated vehicle (miniROV) for four, 1-hour dives on April 7, 2016, to find, as researcher Josefin Stiller describes the sea dragon, "the red needle in the haystack."
Luck was with Stiller and her team as they were able to record the ruby sea dragon in its deep-sea habitat, a first for the species. The video will provide researchers with much needed information about the creature's anatomy and behavior, the latter of which was observed by the miniROV when it caught a sea dragon eating.
There are two other sea dragon species, the swimming-branch-looking leafy sea dragon (Phycodurus eques) and the common se adragon (Phyllopteryx taeniolatus), and both are found in the waters of Australia and in aquariums. The ruby sea dragon differs from its cousins in a few ways. First, it lacks the common sea drgon's spinier appendages and the leafy sea dragon's leaf-like appendages. Second, the ruby sea dragon's tail curls and is tipped with yellow, traits not found in either of its cousins. And third is that the ruby sea dragon has a unique, eye-catching color.
Stiller's study posits that these differences complicate some evolutionary aspects of the species, particularly the prehensile tails, which Stiller theorizes are used for clinging to surfaces during high-surge waters. Given the ruby seahorse's deep-water living (another difference from its cousins), Stiller proposes that lack of appendages, used for camouflage by the leafy and common sea dragons, helps to reduce drag while the ruby sea dragon swims through the currents. As for its red color, Stiller suggests that this feature is the camouflaging trait, helpful in the low-light depths of the ocean.
Stiller and her team are already making a push for the ruby sea dragon to receive the same types of conservation protections afforded to the other sea dragon species to keep this brightly-colored sea creature safe.
The unique ruby sea dragon was recorded in its natural habitat off the coast of Australia.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 50 source=c4 split=train =====
Check out this gently-used 2018 Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW we recently got in. This Ford includes: TWIN PANEL POWER MOONROOF Driver Vanity Mirror Passenger Vanity Mirror Generic Sun/Moonroof Passenger Illuminated Visor Mirror Sun/Moonroof Driver Illuminated Vanity Mirror Dual Moonroof 6 ANGULAR CHROME STEP BAR Running Boards/Side Steps BLACK, LEATHER SEATING SURFACES 40/20/40 SPLIT BENCH SEAT Split Bench Seat Rear Bench Seat Leather Seats Pass-Through Rear Seat LARIAT VALUE PACKAGE Remote Engine Start Mirror Memory Cooled Front Seat(s) Power Mirror(s) Seat Memory Power Passenger Seat Power Driver Seat Heated Front Seat(s) Adjustable Pedals Passenger Adjustable Lumbar Power Folding Mirrors Driver Adjustable Lumbar ELECTRONIC-LOCKING W/3.55 AXLE RATIO Locking/Limited Slip Differential RAPID-HEAT SUPPLEMENTAL CAB HEATER CAMPER PACKAGE VOICE-ACTIVATED NAVIGATION HD Radio Navigation System Satellite Radio RAPID-HEAT SUPPLEMENTAL CAB HEATER DUAL EXTRA HEAVY-DUTY ALTERNATORS (TOTAL 377-AMPS) ENGINE: 6.7L 4V OHV POWER STROKE V8 TURBO DIESEL B20 Diesel Fuel 8 Cylinder Engine Turbocharged INGOT SILVER METALLIC TOUGH BED SPRAY-IN BEDLINER Bed Liner CAMPER PACKAGE *Note - For third party subscriptions or services, please contact the dealer for more information.* How to protect your purchase? CARFAX BuyBack Guarantee got you covered. This is a well kept ONE-OWNER Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW LARIAT with a full CARFAX history report. You deserve a vehicle designed for higher expectations. This Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW delivers with a luxurious, well-appointed interior and world-class engineering. This 4WD-equipped vehicle will handle beautifully on any terrain and in any weather condition your may find yourself in. The benefits of driving a 4 wheel drive vehicle, such as this Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW LARIAT, include superior acceleration, improved steering, and increased traction and stability. Marked by excellent quality and features with unmistakable refined leather interior that added value and class to the Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW You can take the guesswork out of searching for your destination with this Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW LARIAT's installed Navigation system. Enjoy the comfort of knowing this Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW comes equipped with a manufacturer's warranty. Check out this gently-used 2018 Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW we recently got in. Your buying risks are reduced thanks to a CARFAX BuyBack Guarantee. If you're going to purchase a pre-owned vehicle, why wouldn't you purchase one with CARFAX one-owner report. The Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW LARIAT's pristine good looks were combined with the Ford high standard of excellence in order to make this a unique find. When Ford created this vehicle with 4 wheel drive, they immediately enhanced the performance ability. Easily switch between two and four wheel drive to take advantage of the improved steering and superior acceleration. Added comfort with contemporary style is the leather interior to heighten the quality and craftsmanship for the Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW Pre-owned doesn't have to mean used. The clean interior of this Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW makes it one of the nicest you'll find. In addition to unbelievable options, this vehicle comes equipped with a factory warranty. This impeccably built Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW LARIAT comes with a plethora of added features that have made this vehicle a unique find. These options will simply amplify the experience of owning and driving this wonderfully crafted Ford. The Ford Super Duty F-350 SRW LARIAT has a navigation system installed, so you'll always know where you're going. This top-tier navigation system is reliable and will get you to your destination quickly and by the most efficient route available.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 51 source=c4 split=train =====
Select your license plate. Starting RR4T2.
You can use this page to do an online look-up of any fines associated with the vehicle with the number RR4T2. If you do not want for your vehicle's information to be made public, please write to us via the feedback page and we will delete the webpage you designate. We value the privacy of our visitors!
The license plate RR4T2 has been searched for 46 times in the past month. If the information for this number is incomplete or inaccurate, please let us know right away!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 52 source=c4 split=train =====
We offer a wide variety of top quality services to fit your needs, help you determine the best services for your needs and deliver the kind of quality and value you can only get from a trained professional. Check out our complete service menu below to get a feel for what we do. Please note: Service prices and availability are subject to change without notice.
Other beauty services to make you look your best.
Brassy, balanced and softer hair color that went wrong.
For a quick clean this is sure to please you. Enjoy a shampoo, scalp massage, condition with top-quality products for dirty, greasy, dry or damaged hair.
Get the eyebrows you always desired. No more blotchy, barely there, thin looking and those in-between eyebrows disasters. Let our specialist correct and show you how to keep them looking flawless. Full eyebrows arch your choice of tweeze, razor, wax or soy.
For a quick clean this service is sure to please you. Enjoy a shampoo, scalp massage, condition with top-quality products and finger blow-dry for dirty, greasy, dry or damaged hair.
Hair extension services employ realistic looking synthetic locks to give you beautiful long hair without the wait. Extensions can be added to allow dramatic special effects and up dos which may not be possible with your natural hair length and type. Add a few wefts or do the whole head, it's your choice. Play around with the many styles and colors selections available.for that special event or just to feel extra special.
If you are unable to keep your appointment, please contact us prior to 48 hours to avoid cancellation fees. A full modus operandi for patron to cancel can be viewed in-salon or while booking online. Please call (216)459-8874, email atikastyles2@att.net or use the button on this page to schedule today. Walk-ins and same day appointments are welcome, too!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 53 source=c4 split=train =====
Promote your company through an article about Todos Santos Rafting holidays, day trips or courses. Costs start at just £50 (€70 / $80) for a permanent article that promotes your services to our 50,000+ monthly visitors.
Promote your Todos Santos Rafting holidays, day trips and courses for free by offering a discount through the AWE365 Club.
Exclusively sponsor this Todos Santos Rafting page for a year. Costs start at just £90 (€125 / $140). Pages can only be sponsored once so book your key pages before your competitor does.
Know enough about Todos Santos Rafting to write an article about it? Been on Todos Santos Rafting holidays and want to share your experience? Please get in touch with your ideas.
Join the AWE365 Club & save on average £350 ($550 / €450) a year on Todos Santos Rafting holidays, day trips, courses and much more. Enjoy more adventure travel, outdoor activities and action sports for less cost.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 54 source=c4 split=train =====
A full house of over 200 delegates attended our 2012 annual conference at which Aileen Campbell, MSP, launched the Scottish Government's long-awaited National Parenting Strategy.
Taking the theme of 'supporting all parents' the mix of speakers, workshops, stalls and networking made for a day which many described as 'fantastic'. See our Photo Journal (PDF) for the buzz we created!
Delegates particularly valued the range of speakers, notably Suzanne Zeedyk, Karyn McCluskey and Bill Alexander and appreciated the discussions and information about parenting teenagers.
There was a great deal of interest outside the conference venue too with much online exposure and almost 3mn tweets meaning that the launch of the National Parenting Strategy went well beyond the delegates in the room.
Unfortunately we do not have downloads for all the presentations that took place. Find out more about Suzanne Zeedyk's and Karyn McCluskey's work.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 55 source=c4 split=train =====
Recreation & Fitness provides sports, recreation and enrichment activities for all ages through a partnership with the Boston Centers for Youth and Families. The program offers access to and activities in a gym and pool that promotes physical fitness. *Boston only.
Click here for the most recent schedule of pool and gym.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 56 source=c4 split=train =====
Experience a unique Dome filled with walkways, waterfalls, butterflies and indigenous plants. Visit the Interpretation Centre. Ideal for families, groups and schools.
Oribi Gorge is a canyon in southern KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa, just west of Port Shepstone, which itself is 120 km south of Durban. Oribi Gorge, cut by theMzimkulwana river, is the eastern gorge of two gorges that cut through the Oribi Flats (flat sugarcane farmlands) of KwaZulu-Natal. The western gorge was formed by the Mzimkulu river. The gorge is approximately 400 metres (1,300 ft) deep, and almost 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) wide at its widest. Erosion by these rivers have carved out nearly 30 kilometres (19 mi) of spectacular kloofs and crags, covered with subtropical vegetation. In the gorge, the dense forest on the sandstone slopes is home to various small mammals, while the large leguaans excavate their burrows along the riverbanks. At the base of the cliffs of both gorges the basement rocks are part of the Kaapvaal Craton, which are over 1000 million years old. The cliffs themselves are formed from sandstone deposited about 365 million years ago. Downstream from the gorges, a large surface mine producing cement from a limestone deposit. The road through Oribi Gorge was built by Italian prisoners of war. Oribi Gorge derives its name from the oribi, a small antelope that lives in the gorges.
Adult Quad and Kid’s Quads on laid-out 4 x 4 trails around the farm. Safety gear and instructions given.
Mac Paintball is New, Exciting, Dynamic, Professional and is a totally enclosed scenic area with a purpose-built war zone. All equipment and protective clothing are supplied by Mac Paintball.
Mac Banana has a short laid-out mountain bike trail. Bring your own mountain bike and safety gear and enjoy the views.
Eighteen-hole Adventure Golf Course which is a challenge for the whole family. Clubs and balls for hire. Set amongst the banana plantations and fountains overlooking a beautiful dam.
At present we have two ponies suitable for small children as well as Tom and Jerry (The Twins). The children’s height restriction in order to ride Tom and Jerry is 500-600mm maximum. It is our intention in future to expand this section of our “What to Do” range.
Vir die manne wat lief is vir visvang is die Margate Peer n moet. Die Peer is mooi oorgedoen is toegerus met plekke waar jy jou visstokke kan plaas. Slag geriewe om jou vangs skoon te maak. Hierdie visvang “spot” is geliefd vir vakansiegangers wat die Suidkus kom besoek.
© 2014 Copyright by Info Data All rights reserved.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 57 source=c4 split=train =====
Soooo.... it's been over a week since the Winneroo crooks stole my money through the Optus network.
So far the only response from Optus to its valued customer (i've been with them for well over a decade), is that they are investigating.
Not here's your money back, sorry about that illegal activity.
Not we're sorry you were the victim of crime on our network.
Nothing. Just a bill. Which was due this week. And still has $40 of crooked illegal charges on it.
Maybe I should report the theft to the police Optus? Then will you act??
Unfortunately the theft is legal. Optus don't just help the scammers, they are a major shareholder in the proceeds.
That said, if you've made a complaint you'll get your money back shortly. Get Optus to set your Monthly Premium SMS spend to $0. Ask them to refute the charges (sounds like you've done that) and buy your next bill you'll get the money recedited.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 58 source=c4 split=train =====
Coconut Water is the clear liquid inside coconuts. it has a refreshing, sweet, nutty taste. Not to be confused with coconut milk or coconut oil. Coconut Milk is traditionally made by grating the white inner flesh of brown coconuts and mixing the shredded coconut flesh with a small amount of water in order to suspend the fat present in the grated flesh. Coconut Oil, or copra oil, is the edible oil extracted from the kernel or meat of mature coconuts harvested from the coconut palm. It contains mostly saturated fat, which is also found in large quantities in butter and red meat.
Coconut Milk is traditionally made by grating the white inner flesh of brown coconuts and mixing the shredded coconut flesh with a small amount of water in order to suspend the fat present in the grated flesh. Coconut Oil, or copra oil, is the edible oil extracted from the kernel or meat of mature coconuts harvested from the coconut palm. It contains mostly saturated fat, which is also found in large quantities in butter and red meat.
Coconut Oil, or copra oil, is the edible oil extracted from the kernel or meat of mature coconuts harvested from the coconut palm. It contains mostly saturated fat, which is also found in large quantities in butter and red meat. Coconut Water is the clear liquid inside coconuts. it has a refreshing, sweet, nutty taste. Not to be confused with coconut milk or coconut oil. Coconut Milk is traditionally made by grating the white inner flesh of brown coconuts and mixing the shredded coconut flesh with a small amount of water in order to suspend the fat present in the grated flesh.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 59 source=c4 split=train =====
This is the place to find ALL the deals and discounts at Disney World, Disneyland, and more! We have details on hotel discounts, food discounts, and merchandise discounts!
Sun & Fun Room Offer: Save up to 25 percent on rooms with the “Sun & Fun Room Offer” at select Walt Disney World Resort hotels for stays most nights April 28 through May 27, 2019 when you book through May 27.
New Year Savings: Save up to 20% on rooms select Disney Resort hotels for stays most nights through April 27. Click here to see discounts on rooms at Deluxe Villas, Deluxe, Moderate, and Value Resorts. Must book by April 27.
See MORE special offers for Walt Disney World Resort here.
Passholder Discounts: Check out the special room rates and other deals for Passholders here!
Members of the US Military enjoy specially price theme park tickets in 2019!
Members of the US Military get great rates at select Disney World Resort Hotels!
See deals and discounts for Disney Springs Resort Area Hotels below.
Save up to 25% on rooms for most Sunday through Thursday nights January 6 through April 11. Must be booked by March 16, with travel completed by April 12. See full offer details here.
Limited time ticket offer: For a limited time, you can visit the Disneyland Resort theme parks for as little as $70 per day when you purchase a 3-Day, 1-Park Per Day Ticket. See the breakdown of the special ticket pricing, details, and blackout dates here.
Stop by BrewWings in Downtown Disney District and show this post to get a 10% discount!
Sun & Fun Room Offer:Save up to 25 percent on rooms with the “Sun & Fun Room Offer” at select Walt Disney World Resort hotels for stays most nights April 28 through May 27, 2019 when you book through May 27.
New Year Savings: Save up to 20% on rooms select Disney Resort hotels for stays most nights January 3 through April 27. Click here to see discounts on rooms at Deluxe Villas, Deluxe, Moderate, and Value Resorts. Must book by April 27.
Current Special Offers at the Disney Springs® Resort Area Hotels: Check out the most current offers for all of the hotels in the Disney Springs area here .
Military Family Rates at Disney Springs® Resort Area Hotels: The Disney Springs Resort Area Hotels are celebrating America’s military with up to a 20% room rate discount at all of its member hotels. Active and retired U.S. military personnel, including United States Coast Guard and activated members of the National Guard or Reservists, can enjoy this discount. Restrictions and black out dates may apply. Discount is not valid with any other offer.
Celebrate your birthday! Stay ON your birthday for just $1! Book two or more nights and the special B-Day guest room rate will be $1 on your last night. The B-day Guest will also receive a voucher for a B’licious B-day Cocktail. See details here.
Special offer on rooms – from $109/night.
Holiday Inn Orlando – Disney Springs® Area: Rooms from $99/night. Rates available up to 3 days prior.
DoubleTree Suites by Hilton Orlando – Disney Springs® Area: Two-bedroom suites from $109. Kids eat FREE. Spacious One Bedroom Suites (over 540 sq ft) accommodate up to 6 guests. No Resort fees. More offers available here.
Hilton Orlando Lake Buena Vista – Disney Springs® Area: Check out current deals here.
Wyndham Garden Lake Buena Vista Disney Springs® Resort Area: Family Escape Package saves you 10%. Includes deluxe accommodations and Free daily breakfast buffet for two children (age 11 and under) with the purchase of one paying adult, including Disney Character Breakfast on Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays.
Best Western Lake Buena Vista – Disney Springs® Area: Experience extra magic at this hotel!
Disney Springs® Resort Area Hotels — AAA and Senior Discounts: Check out the Disney Springs® Resort Area Hotels website for discounts for AAA members and seniors.
Disney Springs® Resort Area Hotels — Florida and Georgia Resident Discounts: Check out the Disney Springs® Resort Area Hotels website for discounts for discounts for Florida and Georgia residents.
Disney Springs® Resort Area Hotels — Guest benefits extended through December 31, 2019: Guests at the Disney Springs® Resort Area Hotels will receive guest benefits including the ability to link reservations on My Disney Experience, make FastPass+ selections 60 days out, and Extra Magic Hours through the end of 2019. See full list of benefits here.
Waldorf Astoria Orlando: runDisney Marathon Weekend rate specials! Check out all the rate specials for Disney World race weekends! See ALL the deals at the Waldorf Astoria Orlando HERE.
More Specials: Check out additional packages and specials here.
Best Western International Drive: Deals and Discounts available online for AAA, CAA, AARP, Government employees, military, and more!
Buena Vista Suites: See the deals and discounts available!
Caribe Royale Orlando Suites and Villas: Check out additional deals online! And, celebrate your birthday at Caribe Royale and get 50% off every second night! Details here.
Clarion Suites Maingate: Romance package — This package includes a poolside suite, Moet Imperial Rose, a “tower of love” gift filled with Premium Ghirardelli Chocolate, and beds strewn with rose petals. Additional discounts for AAA, Florida Residents, and more available online.
Comfort Inn Maingate: Disney Tickets Vacation Package from Comfort Inn Maingate and more offers available online including AAA, CAA, seniors, and more.
Comfort Suites Maingate: The earlier you book the more you save! Book Early and Save! Discounts for 21-day and 30-day advance bookings of up to 15% off your 2 night or longer stay. Check online for discounts for AAA, AARP, Florida Residents, Canadian Residents, Military members, and more.
Courtyard Orlando Lake Buena Vista at Vista Centre: Use your AAA/CAA membership to save on everything from room rates to spa treatments at over 2,600 Marriott hotels. Additional discounts for seniors, government employees, and military available online.
See additional discounts online including AAA, CAA, AARP, and more!
Fairfield Inn & Suites Orlando Kissimmee/Celebration: See a variety of discounts online including AAA, CAA, Seniors, Miliatry, and more!
AMC Stubs Members – get ready for an action-packed Tuesday. Tickets are $5 at the box office on Tuesdays!
Buon Giorno Brunch: Sunday brunch is $35 per adult and kids under 9 years of age eat FREE. Love those mimosas and Bellinis, add an endless option during brunch for $15.
Earl of Sandwich: Join the loyalty program.
Kids Eat Free: Kids eat FREE, Monday through Friday with the purchase of an entree.
Happy Hour: Looking for a way to brighten up your week? Join us at Frontera Cocina for $5 beers and half-priced selected apps bursting with the flavors of Mexico. We’re here to bring the happy to your Happy Hour! Monday – Thursday, 4-7PM, through May 2.
Tequila Tuesday: Enjoy $5 shots of Maestro Dobel, barrelled exclusively for Frontera Cocina.
Wild Wednesdays: Celebrate making it to the middle of the week with $6 shots of Gracias a Dios Espadin Mezcal.
Party Planning: If you’re looking for a fun place to bring your party of 10 or more, look no further than Frontera Cocina. Buyouts are available. Details here.
House of Blues: Sign up for insider access to exclusive BluesBusters deals for food, entertainment and retail – plus a sneak peek of what’s to come. At the beginning of each month, check out the new deal that can be redeemed at your chosen House of Blues location. Add to cart, checkout, enjoy. (Or gift the good time to a good friend!). Check out the deals here!
Paddlefish: Happy Hour has returned to Paddlefish — from 2PM to 4PM in the bar and from 9PM to 11PM on the Rooftop Deck! Happy Hour attendees can enjoy $5 draft beers and $20 bottles of Rosé.
Join Landry’s Select Club and earn rewards! $25 Welcome Reward and more! Get more info here.
Get a FREE cupcake on your birthday!
See ALL the Sprinkles Perks HERE!
Find out about events and exclusive offers by signing up for “friends with benefits” newsletter here.
Terralina Crafted Italian: Enjoy late-night Happy Hour, Sundays through Thursdays from 9-11PM. Happy hour is on the patio ONLY and includes $5 beers and half-price wines (by the

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 60 source=c4 split=train =====
You're reading manga Refund High School Chapter 52 online at MangaSim.com. You can use the follow function to bookmark your favorite manga ( Only for registered users ). If you find any errors ( broken links, can't load photos, etc.. ), Please let us know so we can fix it as soon as possible. And when you start a conversation or debate about a certain topic with other people, please do not offend them just because you don't like their opinions.
, Author: Croissant already has 5,312 views.
Current Time is Apr-26-2019 20:33:38 PM.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 61 source=c4 split=train =====
With a large number of individuals and families literally living from one paycheck to the next, a great number of payday lenders are offering those who are strapped for cash with a way to borrow against the guarantee of their next paycheck. For many, life’s unexpected problems often result in a cash shortage, utilities being turned off or car payments being late. Luckily for those who are in immediate need of funds, payday loans often provide the answer to an otherwise serious problem.
Below are 10 tips to using payday loans and lenders. As is the case with any loan, carefully consider the company and its reputation before moving ahead with the loan process.
$If at all possible, repay the loan in full during your next payday. This is a better option than the refinancing of payday loans, which will result in additional fees and interest.
$Do not use payday loans for vacations or unnecessary incidentals, such as jewelry or expensive clothes. Instead, payday loans should only be used for necessities, such as doctor visits and medicine, groceries, utilities, fuel, car repairs, etc.
$Before accepting a payday loan from a lender, make sure that you have read and understand the entire contract. Always read the fine print and ask questions about anything that you do not understand before signing on the dotted line.
$When dealing with a payday loan lender, check out their reputation with the Better Business Bureau.
$If you plan to apply for payday loans, make sure to have copies of your most recent paycheck stubs and contact information for your current employer.
$Payday loans are not commonly granted to self-employed individuals because of their unpredictable income. Rather than applying for payday loans, a self-employed individual may wish to consider a secured personal loan.
$If you find that your payday loans have been refinanced multiple times and are becoming unmanageable, consider applying for a credit card that offers 0% APR for 6-12 months or one with a low introductory interest rate. Upon approval and receipt of the card, use the available credit to pay off your payday loan in order to prevent it from continuing to roll over and increase time after time.
$Even if you have poor credit, you may be able to obtain payday loans. The reason is because a credit check is rarely conducted but rather, in the case of payday loans, the more important verification comes in the form of current employment and salary.
$When you apply for payday loans, you may be required to issue a postdated check in the amount of the loan plus fees and interest, which will be cashed on the date of your next paycheck unless the loan is refinanced.
$Because payday loans focus their intended repayment on the date of your next paycheck, you must be able to provide proof of a regular payday schedule from your current employer.
Copyright © 2019 Life Quotes.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 62 source=c4 split=train =====
“Scruples” #3 and “A Cabaret Called Janus” were posted in three by 3, December 2013-February 2014 and June-August 2013. They have been recently accepted for publication, the former in a forthcoming issue of The Columbia Review (http://columbiareviewmag.com), the latter in the October issue of The Open Mouse.(http://theopenmouse.wordpress.com).
“By All Appearances” appeared in three by 3, September-November 2013. It was revised in 2016 and this version is posted below.
be swarming in like locusts.
for joy. A pall´s fallen over the room.
did more harm than good.
with a wall of fame.
all made up, or not.
to where it once belonged.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 63 source=c4 split=train =====
Yamashina station, Kyoto. Sort of city life.
One of those obligate photograps. Nothing really interesting, but... you know, obligate.
Shibaura factory of Tokyo Esa Co., Ltd., located at Shinagawa pier.
Random ship slipping around in the Tokyo Bay.
A somehow calming representation of a somehow disappointing yet graceful scene.
They are hanging out too. So is the bird.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 64 source=c4 split=train =====
AFFORDABLE NEW CONSTRUCTION! Great for 1st time home buyers or those looking to downsize. Beautiful 3 bedroom 2 bath open concept. Separate laundry room with full size washer and dryer area. Large Master with his and hers walk in closets and dual sinks! Other bedrooms have separate bath with tub shower combo. Extra storage space in garage. Home sits on an over-size lot with trees and plenty of space for kids and pets, Has covered front and back porches! This is a Must See!! Scheduled completion-May 2019 Colors and finishes have already been ordered.
Offered by Tiffany Fox of Jp And Associates Burleson.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 65 source=c4 split=train =====
Whip up a batch of these Feta-Olive Bison Sliders for your next BBQ or summer party! They’re gluten free, low carb, keto, and DELICIOUS!
I partnered with my friends at Lindsay Olives to make this recipe. As always, all opinions are my own!
Well…. it’s officially summertime and that means it’s officially burger season! I don’t know about you, but I never get tired of a good burger. There are literally SO MANY combos you can make using different proteins and flavor add-ins. These feta-olive bison sliders are packed with allll the flavors: feta, Mediterranean Medley olives from Lindsay Olives, fresh garlic, fresh herbs (I used flat leaf parsley, cilantro, and mint!), and a fun secret ingredient, lemon zest!
Cinco de Mayo is right around the corner, like literally tomorrow! I created a simple and delicious guacamole recipe that you can make for your gathering, plus a fun menu for an epic DIY taco bar party!
I don’t know why, but Cinco de Mayo is one of my favorite holidays to have fun with good friends and good food! One of my friends who is from Mexico asked me why us Americans like to celebrate Cinco de Mayo. Well, I don’t know about you, but I love the flavors of Mexican food, and any excuse to have a celebration and diy taco bar party with my friends!
And just to clarify, I know that Cinco de Mayo isn’t Independence Day in Mexico. It’s actually the celebration of the battle the Mexican army won against the French army in the state of Puebla on May 5, 1862.
Team scrambled or team runny yolks? Make this Breakfast BLT any way you like your eggs and drizzle with maple sriracha aioli for a crowd pleaser at your next brunch!
First of all, it’s National BLT Sandwich month. I mean, how many National blah blah days/months do we really need?
Did you know that April is also National Grilled Cheese Month, Food Month, Pecan Month, Soyfoods (ummm, whaaat?) Month, Soft Pretzel (not hard pretzel) Month…. and a million more national food DAYS too.
Okay. So BLT’s. I love ’em and make them all the time. They’re easy. They taste good. I usually always have the basic ingredients on hand….

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 66 source=c4 split=train =====
The hands to the face. The floating jacket in front of a person. The distinct middle finger. You know what I’m talking about. It’s celebrities attempting, in every way possible, to hide themselves from the paparazzi. We’ve seen about a dozen techniques known to man. However, celebrities are less concerned about themselves and moving their attention towards their children.
In case you don’t have a Twitter account, don’t follow Kristen Bell and/or Dax Shepard, or you just have no idea what I’m talking about, let me break it down for you.
In August of last year, actresses Halle Berry and Jennifer Garner took it upon themselves to convince California lawmakers to support a legislation that would “impose tougher penalties on paparazzi who harass celebrities and their children,CBS News reported. Halle, mother of two, has fought this longer than anyone else.
At the end of 2013, Senate Bill 606 was finally signed by Gov. Jerry Brown.
In January 2014, Kristen Bell took to Twitter to push the plea even more towards entertainment publications/broadcasts to help fight and support the #NoKidsPolicy. The ultimate goal is to no longer allow celebrities’ children be photographed by what is termed as “pedorazzi,” cleverly named for paparazzi consistently taking photos of children.
So far, Just Jared, Today and E! all agreed to take the pledge and stand by Kristen Bell’s fight against photos of kids.
Other celebrities are in the same fight including singer/songwriter Adele, actress Hilary Duff and actress Sandra Bullock.
Just to put in my two cents, I stand by this 100 percent. If I were in their position, I would not want my child to be photographed every second of the day even if they are just going to school or going out to eat froyo for five minutes. Being under constant public eye can take a toll on a kid and leave serious consequences for when they finally grow up.
Reading the stories from the celebrities who experience it first hand, I couldn’t imagine what it’s like to have your children being terrified of stepping out in public just because a “bad man behind a camera” is magically going to pop out of a bush just to get a shot of them. I’m genuinely happy that so many publications are jumping on the bandwagon to help make a difference. Every little bit counts.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 67 source=c4 split=train =====
Contemporary sport is shaped by wider society. Today those managing sport must be aware of the broader social and cultural context within which it exists if their effectiveness is to be established and their careers defined. This book is the first of its kind to contextualise the wider social and cultural environment of sport management and explain the key issues and practical implications of this for those working, or intending to find employment, in the field.
As part of a comprehensive coverage of these and many other social issues, the reader is reminded of the fundamental requirement to properly appreciate the cultural sensitivities of the managerial environment in which they intend to operate.
Each issue is examined from the perspective of the manager or sport practitioner, and each chapter includes a range of useful features, such as case-studies and self-test questions, to encourage the reader to think critically about the role of sport in society and about their own professional practice. This is the first sports management textbook to be based on the thesis that a more socially aware manager is a more effective manager and thus should be regarded as essential reading for all sport management students.
David Hassan is Senior Lecturer within the Ulster Sports Academy at the University of Ulster. He is the Academic Editor of Sport in Society, an international peer-reviewed journal published by Taylor and Francis. He is also joint Series Editor of Foundations in Sport Management, a discipline-defining series of books examining this expanding field of study. His research expertise concerns the relationship between sport and national identity, the politics of sport, and sport governance, and he was recognised for his outstanding contribution to research with the award of a Distinguished Research Fellowship from the University of Ulster in 2006.
Jim Lusted is Senior Lecturer in the Sociology of Sport at the University of Northampton. He completed a PhD in 2009 in collaboration with the English Football Association, investigating issues around the implementation of their equity policies into the grass roots level of the game. He has published articles relating to race equality policies in local sport in a number of academic journals, including Managing Leisure and Soccer and Society. He is also a licensed tutor for the FA’s Equality Workshop, which he delivers to local football stakeholders across England.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 68 source=c4 split=train =====
Vampire Community News (VCN) will continue to operate a monthly recap of articles with syndication via Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr through December 31, 2016. Without the materialization of a MORE CONSISTENT support network it’s unlikely we’ll continue making the daily and monthly postings of vampire community related news and information in 2017. I (Merticus) have continuously provided this service to the vampire community since 2008 and unfortunately my spare time is increasingly limited due to my professional career expanding on multiple fronts.
In August, the directors of Suscitatio Enterprises, LLC (parent company of VCN, AVA, VEWRS, VDTORS, VVC, etc.) met and discussed our present and future role with respect to the vampire community. We collectively came to the unanimous decision that unless we’re breaking even on costs to provide websites, resources and other information that the time may have come to officially dissolve our operations. In terms of the vampire community we believe we have accomplished the goals we set forth beginning in 2006. It’s my fervent hope that progress is not stifled and that stagnation does not take hold of the community. How the vampire community evolves has always been and will always be up to you. Embrace new ideas and newcomers while continually challenging yourself to create and refine your passions!
We’ve no interest in crowdfunding or other revenue driving initiatives (we much prefer simply existing and never having to ask) but based on the level of support we receive between now and December 31st we will evaluate the logistical feasibility (and viability) of appointing vetted and responsible individuals to spearhead our ongoing projects and other initiatives so that they may continue and flourish in our absence. If at all possible we wish to preserve the framework we’ve established, but we’ll respect the will of the vampire community if this isn’t the direction the majority wish to pursue.
Thank you for your support and it’s been our pleasure serving you throughout the past decade. We hope all of you have a Happy Halloween | Blessed Samhain!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 69 source=c4 split=train =====
Tickets should be sold through the Sell Tickets page and not through the Bidding/Sales page.
Tickets sold through the Bidding/Sales page will not create guests records, generate ticket #s or assign tickets.
Select the Purchaser of the Ticket - the bidder who will be paying for the ticket(s).
You can add a Bidder or select one that has already been entered.
Select the Ticket Item and the Quantity. Based on the the quantity is entered, it will list the number of tickets available to be assigned to other guests and the guest information can be entered. You can register new bidders here or select existing bidders.
On the Sell Tickets screen, you can force the sale to $0. The amount owed will change to zero - nothing owing.
You can also use pre-defined coupons for the sale.
Before recording the sale, you can select/deselect to send a purchaser ticket statement, send guest tickets (e-tickets).
You can also select/deselect that guest bidder records will be created for the tickets sold that have not been assigned to a bidder.
Select Record Sale to complete the transaction.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 70 source=c4 split=train =====
Everything in the story of salvation revolves around Jesus Christ. HE is the Author and Finisher of our faith (Hebrews 12:1-2). Many, not only the believing Jews, still lack understanding, today. Likewise, they didn't understand the symbolic statement of the temple. In the Old Testament, the temple was the house of God. Jesus fully recognized this, and was very angry that people used this sacred house as a trade-market (John 2:14-16). Jesus spoke about Himself, because HE came from God and had power of attorney in all things - Colossians 2:9-10: “For in Him dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily. And ye are complete in Him, which is the Head of all principality and power.” This was also made clear when Jesus said that HE would raise the temple (His body) again after three days – HIMSELF! In Acts 2:32-33 we read the following: “This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses. Therefore being by the right hand of God exalted, and having received of the Father the promise of the Holy Ghost, He hath shed forth this, which ye now see and hear.” God woke Jesus up and Jesus said, that HE would raise the temple by His Spirit. A further proof that Jesus Christ and the Father in heaven is the same. God is Spirit and revealed in Jesus Christ for ever and ever. Therefore there is also no other way to salvation and the forgiveness of sin, than through Jesus Christ alone (John 14:6). We do not have to understand this fully or be able to explain everything, to believe it from the heart. We are not humanly capable of comprehending God fully. We cannot imagine eternity. However, through the Holy Spirit we are able to believe it and thus comprehend the incomprehensible within our souls.
The Triune God (Father, Son and Holy Ghost) is the expression of what God is and wants to be, namely God the FATHER who approaches us, as in the parable of the prodigal son (Luke 15:11-17). God as the SON, pointing to Jesus Christ, who made possible the forgiveness of sin through the cross. And God the HOLY GHOST, pointing to fellowship and relationship which God wants with those who are His (2 Corinthians 13:13). God is revealed in Jesus Christ. Therefore, Jesus Christ is also “the Life” (John 14:6). God is Light (John 8:12) and draws (calls) us to the Light “Come unto me, all ye that labour and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest.'' (Matthew 11:28). Father, Son and Holy Ghost are a unity, and work together in creation, election and redemption of all things. This was also made very clear in the resurrection of Jesus Christ. And we, believers in Jesus, will be resurrected with the same resurrection power with which the Father resurrected His beloved Son. Whomever receives Jesus, receives God. In 1 John 5:20 it is made abundantly clear who Jesus Christ is: “And we know that the Son of God is come, and hath given us an understanding, that we may know Him that is true, and we are in Him that is true, even in His Son Jesus Christ. This is the true God, and eternal life.” All this took place through grace, love and mercy. Therefore, God was and is crucial as the Creator, Redeemer and Revealer – to this day – Amen!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 71 source=c4 split=train =====
Bass Straight, the stretch of water that separates Tasmania from the Australian mainland, has been crossed by kitesurfing for the first time.
Departure: leaving Stanley in Tasmania's north at 7am (AEST).
Congrats on the crossing...cool how you use lots of statistical data on your site.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 72 source=c4 split=train =====
Lillias White is a very natural looking woman from Seatlle with a wonderful hourglass figure. She made her official debut at Cosmid in March 2015. She also is active as an artistic model going by the name of Lillias Right.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 73 source=c4 split=train =====
There was definitely a feel-good atmosphere today at Steelers headquarters. That�s because running backs coach Kirby Wilson was back to work on a limited basis.
Wilson was severely burned in a fire at his home in Seven Fields, Butler County, in early January. Initially, there were fears he wouldn't be able to coach this season.
General manager Kevin Colbert was so happy to see Wilson today that he mentioned it at a noon press conference that was specifically held to discuss this week�s NFL Draft.
Wilson is helping�evaluate running-back prospects the Steelers may consider in this week�s draft.
Wilson joined the Steelers when Tomlin was hired five years ago.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 74 source=c4 split=train =====
EDITOR’S NOTE: ’Cosmotheism’ is the name given by the late Dr. William Pierce to his philosophy of life — his religion, if you will — which embodied for him the fundamental truths about the nature of the Universe and our purpose in it. By the standards of a more childish and innocent time, Dr. Pierce might be adjudged an atheist, and by those who call themselves ‘atheists’ today — the narrow egoists of the Rand cult and its derivatives, and the sentimental Christians-without-Christ who constitute the ‘Secular Humanist’ and Marxian reformations of the gospel — he could not even be understood, so limited is their vision.
Dr. Pierce’s Cosmotheism is not a ‘revealed’ religion, but is instead what he called a natural religion, in that it rejects all of the claimed supernatural and unverifiable communications between a putative deity and man which find their way onto shining golden plates or ancient scrolls, instead having its basis in the realities of Nature that our eyes — and the investigations of science — have confirmed. In the drama of the evolution of life from non-living matter, and of higher and more conscious beings from lower forms of life, William Pierce sees a path of purpose and destiny for us.
The Path is the first of Dr. Pierce’s three great essays on Cosmotheism, all of which will be presented on National Vanguard.
Dr. Pierce wrote these pieces — expressing what he saw as his most profound insights into the nature of reality — in somewhat poetic language. The more rational-minded among us, who disdain the flowery phrases of the preacher or the mystic, must not be put off by that. Dr. Pierce, that supremely rational of men, the physicist, the teacher of hard truths, was trying to reach us at two levels simultaneously, I think: the level of our reason, where Spencer and Aristotle reach us, and the level of our instincts or soul, where Wagner and Mozart touch us and Apollo and Zarathustra dwell. — Kevin Alfred Strom.
LIFE IS SHORT, our brothers and sisters. Must it also be empty? Must it also be bitter? Must its passing hold terror?
Where is fulfillment to be found in the midst of shallow and empty things? Where is peace to be found in the midst of chaos and strife? Where is serenity to be obtained in a spiritual wasteland?
Seek no more, our brothers and sisters, for we give you these answers, and more.
We show you the meaning and the purpose of things. We lead you from confusion and uncertainty to knowledge; from weakness to strength; from frustrated desire to fulfillment.
We lead you to the Path of Life. We bring your souls into harmony, with the Spirit of All Things.
We give you the Truth, which is this: There is but one Reality, and that Reality is the Whole. It is the Creator, the Self-Created.
The meaning of the Truth is this: Man, the world, and the Creator are not separate things, but man is a part of the world, which is a part of the Whole, which is the Creator.
The tangible Universe is the material manifestation of the Creator. All the blazing suns of the firmament; the formless gas between the stars; the silent, frozen mountain peaks of the moon; the rustling trees of earthly forests; the teeming creatures of the dark ocean depths; and man are parts of the Creator’s material manifestation.
But the Creator has a spiritual manifestation, which is the Urge toward the One Purpose. The Urge lies at the root of all things and is manifested in the relations between all things.
The Urge is in the tenuous gases of the void, for they have a purpose, which are the flaming suns and all the planets, which form from them. The Urge is in the earth, for it has a purpose, which is the realm of plants and animals which flourish on it. And the Urge is in man, for he has a purpose, which is higher man.
And the purposes of all these things are steps on the Path of Life, which leads to the One Purpose, which is the Self-realization of the Creator: the Self-completion of the Self-created.
And the matter and the spirit, the Universe and the Urge, are One, and it is the Whole.
Man is of the Whole, and his purpose is the Creator’s Purpose. And this signifies: Man is, in part, both the substance and the means of the Creator, and he is nothing else; this is his entire being and purpose.
And man serves the Creator’s Purpose in two ways. The first way is the way of all the other parts of the Whole; it is the way of sub-man; it is the blind way; it is the way of the deeply in-dwelling consciousness, the immanent consciousness; it is the way of instinct. The second way is the way of higher man; it is the sighted way; it is the way of the awakened consciousness and of true reason; which is to say, it is the way of the perfect union of the immanent consciousness with man’s reason, which perfect union we call Divine Consciousness.
The meaning of the first way is this: The Purpose of the Creator is Self-completion; the Path of the Creator toward Self-completion is the Path of Life; and man is a step on this Path.
The Creator existed before man, and the Creator will exist after man has surpassed himself. The step on the Path before man was sub-man, and the step on the Path after man is higher man. But man is now, for a time, a part of the Creator, of the ever-changing, ever-evolving Whole.
There is a threshold on the Path at the step, which is man. It is the threshold of Divine Consciousness. Before man, each part of the Whole was blind, and it could not see the next step on the Path. The gases of the void could not foresee the suns which they were to become, nor could sub-man foresee man. The Urge carried the Whole along the Path, and each part of the Whole, though blind, served the Creator’s Purpose.
And the meaning of the second way in which man serves the Creator’s Purpose is this: The evolution of the Whole toward Self-completion is an evolution in spirit as well as in matter. Self-completion, which is Self-realization, is the attainment of perfect Self-consciousness. The Creator’s Urge, which is immanent in the Universe, evolves toward an all-seeing Consciousness.
Man stands between sub-man and higher man, between immanent consciousness and awakened consciousness, between unawareness of his identity and his mission and a state of Divine Consciousness. Some men will cross the threshold, and some will not.
Those who attain Divine Consciousness will ascend the Path of Life toward their Destiny, which is Godhood; which is to say, the Path of Life leads upward through a never-ending succession of states, the next of which is that of higher man, and the ultimate that of the Self-realized Creator. True reason will illuminate the Path for them and give them foresight; it will be a mighty aid to the Creator’s Urge within them.
And those who do not attain Divine Consciousness will continue groping in the darkness, and their feet will be tripped by the snares of false reason, and they will stumble from the Path, and they will fall into the depths.
For the threshold at which man stands is a dangerous threshold, a difficult threshold. And man’s reason is a dangerous achievement. Just as it can give eyes to his instinct, which is the immanent consciousness of the Whole acting in him, so it can confuse and mislead his instinct.
And let us now understand the present state of man, so that we can distinguish true reason from false reason. Let us employ true reason, so that it can guide us across the threshold of Divine Consciousness.
The difference between true reason and false reason is this: True reason seeks to guide man’s actions in accord with the immanent consciousness of the Whole, while false reason does not.
The man or woman of true reason seeks order in all things, and he shuns chaos. He is pleased by a harmonious relationship between all the elements of his life and the world. He rejects that which clashes and does not fit, that which is alien.
He is happy in the knowledge that what was true and good yesterday will be true and good tomorrow. Through order and harmony, he seeks true progress, which is the ascent of the Path of Life; but he shuns frivolous change, which destroys the harmony between the past and the future.
He loves truth, and he hates

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 75 source=c4 split=train =====
Despite the reforms recommended by the G20/OECD project on base erosion and profit shifting (BEPS), as well as the unilateral measures taken by the UK, the measures taken so far have only patched up existing rules. In our view fundamental reforms are needed. Digitalisation affects the whole economy, and many firms use multi-channel models, so there should not be a special regime for digital businesses.
(iii) adopting a new approach to taxation of MNEs which would treat them in accordance with the business reality that they operate as global firms, and applying clear, simple, and preferably standardized criteria for allocating their worldwide profits to countries where they have a real business presence and away from countries where few or no activities take place.
(iii) where possible taken in concert with other countries.
This entry was posted in Action 1, Digital Economy and tagged BMG, multinational companies, unitary taxation on February 23, 2018 by bepsmg.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 76 source=c4 split=train =====
We are so grateful to our sponsors, who help to make our event more enjoyable for our participants, and help to bring us closer to our goals, supporting research towards better understanding, better treatments, and a cure for this disease that affects us all in so many ways.
We’re also grateful for the generous in-kind donors who have contributed items to make our event more enjoyable for our participants, and more successful overall. Visit our Facebook Event Page to see who’s offered this type of support, and contact AmbassadorKerryW@StopSarcoidosis.org if you’d like to offer goods or services.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 77 source=c4 split=train =====
I am pretty sure I say this at the end of every single year … but dang it is hard to believe that 2017 is over and we are reporting our dividend income results for December.
Overall, 2017 was a fantastic year for building our dividend income stream. Each month of the year we saw growth in our portfolio. It was without a doubt our best year yet for earning (and building) dividend income.
In addition to earning a record amount of dividend income, we were able to invest over $12,000 of new money into the stock market. That was less than we had hoped, but still a great accomplishment for our family.
When it comes to dividend investing, my favorite month is … December.
Not only is it the last month of the calendar year and we have the opportunity to see our yearly dividend totals … it is normally the highest month (or second) of the year for dividend income.
Well … guess what? We set an all new monthly dividend income record this past month. In fact, we shattered the old record that we set back in September (2017).
Compared to 2016, our dividend income grew by over 66.8% from December of last year! Seriously … that is so awesome!
Note – We got a special dividend paid in December by Cincinnati Financial (CINF) which pushed our income totals way past September. Without that special one-time dividend, we would have been about $3 shy of our September record.
As mentioned earlier, we saw an increase of almost 67% last month compared to December 2016!
That is truly some amazing growth and I am totally pumped going into 2018.
Overall, we had 19 stocks pay out a dividend in December.
Awesome companies like Aflac, Consolidated Edison, Johnson & Johnson, McDonald’s, and Exxon Mobil gave our family a paycheck for basically not lifting a finger. How cool is that?
The first 6 months of 2017, we did a pretty good job investing new money into our taxable dividend stock portfolio. A big part of that was using $5,000+ of our tax return in the spring to invest.
The second half of the year we have slowed down a bit on investing new money because of different priorities and have been focusing more on tax deferred accounts. But we still have managed to keep a few investments going in this portfolio.
Note – All of these investments were made through our Robinhood, Computershare (XOM), and AmStock (CINF) accounts … which means we did not pay any commissions or fees on these trades.
The total amount of new capital invested in December was – $259.43.
The dividend income earned in December ($448.58) was up over 66% from the same time last year. These increases were from a combination of new investments made, dividend reinvestment’s, and company dividend increases.
Our goal for 2017 was to earn $2,400 in dividend income.
We beat that target by a ton and earned a total of $2,651.43 in dividends for 2017 … which was $250+ over our original goal. Compared to 2016, we increased our dividend income by $733.27! I would love for a repeat performance of those numbers for 2018.
I will be putting together a year in review for our 2017 dividend income post in the future along with a 2018 goals post. Starting in 2018, we also plan to start publishing our tax deferred dividend income results as well.
Full Disclosure – At the time of this writing, we owned shares in the following stocks noted in this post – ADM, AFL, BBY, CINF, ED, EMR, HRL, INTC, JNJ, KO, KR, LMT, O, OHI, MCD, MSFT, NSC, TGT, QCOM, UL, and XOM. The material above is not a recommendation to buy. Please do your own research on a company before deciding to invest.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 78 source=c4 split=train =====
Hometown History Tours is seeking quotes for future guidebooks.
Black and white except for cover and four inside pages so I believe I need 2.5 sheets in color.
Feel free to email me with any questions before submitting quotation.
Preference given to Union printer, located in metropolitan Detroit area or Michigan, however, I will consider all options.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 79 source=c4 split=train =====
Home > Baby Monitor 3G > FAQs > I hear strange sound echoes on the Parent Station.
The echoes are usually caused by the looping of recorded sound. This happens quite often when the devices are situated too close to each other. It is possible that your Baby Station is picking up the sound coming from the Parent Station.
Please make sure that you place the Parent Station out of the Baby Station's hearing distance. After that, this issue should disappear.
You can lower the microphone sensitivity within the app (Menu -> Settings -> Microphone sensitivity) and the output volume of your phone.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 80 source=c4 split=train =====
Is the Glass half full or half empty for Investors and Managers?
As the autumn leaves fall and we head into the final months of the year, we can look back at some stalled 2013 tax proposals that just might be a sign of things to come. Earlier this year, Senator Carl Levin introduced legislation entitled as the “Cut Unjustified Tax Loopholes Act” (S. 268, introduced on 11 February 2013; also known as the “CUT Loopholes Act”). This ominous sounding legislation includes many provisions designed to make investment managers and their investors less wealthy or perhaps poorer depending on your view of the glass as either half full or half empty.
One key provision of the CUT Loopholes Act is the revival of the attack on carried interests. Title VI of the Act is entitled “Ending the Carried Interest Loophole,” but the very first provision of Title VI states that it may be cited as the Carried Interest Fairness Act of 2012. Hmm – is that glass half empty or half full? In either case, this title does exactly what it was intended to do.Investment managers would lose the benefits of the lower tax rates applicable to long-term capital gains and qualified dividends as all taxable income attributable to the carried interest would be re-characterized as ordinary income and subject to self-employment tax.The carried interest is referred to in the proposed statute as the ‘investment services partnership interest.’ Private equity fund managers and real estate operators would, as in previous versions of the proposed legislation, become less wealthy faster than hedge fund managers who traditionally realize less long-term capital gains. As might be expected, the statutory language has advanced over the years and now effectively eliminates virtually all loophole strategies to avoid the ordinary income result in favor of the more beneficial long-term capital gain treatment. However, investment managers will still receive the benefits of the lower tax rates applicable to long-term capital gains and qualified dividends attributable to their own capital contributions. The portion of the investment manager’s interest that is attributable to capital contributions is referred to as the ‘capital interest’. What is not so clear is how an investment manager moves realized ordinary income from an investment services partnership interest to a qualified capital interest. As silly as it might seem, a partnership might have to distribute cash representing the realized taxable income from the investment partnership services interest to the investment manager and the investment manager may have to re-contribute the cash to the qualified capital interest to avoid any additional ordinary income that is not attributable to the carried interest itself. Congress appears to be hopelessly bogged down with petty party line disputes and a split in control over both houses. Nonetheless, the proposed legislation to end the benefits of the carried interest keeps reappearing year after year since it was first introduced in 2007. Will the current carried interest treatment prevail? Is your glass half full or is it half empty?
Another provision in the CUT Loopholes Act changes the tax treatment of Section 1256 Contracts. A Section 1256 contract is a regulated futures contract (e.g. the classic commodity such as orange juice made famous in the movie, Trading Places) and other specifically defined contracts. Under Section 1256, gain or loss is marked to market at the end of the year and all net gain or loss from all Section 1256 contracts (contracts sold during the taxable year and contracts marked to market at the end of the taxable year) is treated as 60% long-term capital gain or loss and 40% short-term capital gain or loss for federal income tax purposes. Under the CUT Loopholes Act, all net gain or loss from a Section 1256 contract would be treated as short-term capital gain or loss. Some proponents of the proposed legislation would argue that the 60% / 40% treatment was originally enacted without much merit as part of a Congressional deal. While this may be true, the original income tax was also part of a deal and some might say that the recent tax increases are part of a deal that has little merit too! It is hard to predict where this proposal is headed.
The CUT Loopholes Act would also source swap contract payments to the location of the payer.Thus, swap payments made by a US person to a foreign person that represent fixed or determinable, annual or periodic income would be subject to income tax withholding.This provision makes sense to anyone familiar with the attempts to shield substitute dividend payments from income tax withholding.
Following a pattern consistent with previous legislation introduced by Senator Levin, the CUT Loopholes Act would attempt to strengthen Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) in a variety of ways under Title I entitled “Ending Offshore Tax Abuses.” Several of the FATCA proposals will increase the burdens of compliance and may strengthen enforcement.However, one provision stands out as particularly adverse to offshore funds that presently enjoy the protection afforded by the trading in securities or commodities exclusion from trade or business income under Section 864(b) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under Title I, Section 103 of the CUT Loopholes Act, a foreign corporation that is managed and controlled in the US would be treated as a domestic corporation if the assets of the corporation exceed US$50m, the assets are being managed on behalf of investors and the decisions on how to invest the assets are made in the US. New proposed Section 7701(p) of the Internal Revenue Code would apparently trump the aforementioned exclusion from trade or business income and cause offshore funds organized as corporations to be subject to US income tax. Furthermore, tax-exempt entities would indirectly pay income tax on their share of profits from an offshore fund organized as a foreign corporation in a tax haven jurisdiction.This provision could have a very adverse impact on the US markets and would also reduce tax revenue by forcing offshore funds to find investment managers offshore.In 1997, when Section 864(b) of the Internal Revenue Code was revised to expand the exclusion to offshore funds with some nexus to the US, Congress predicted that tax revenues would be enhanced by the expansion. To undo the benefits of increased revenue now makes little sense. This proposed legislation is substantially similar to Senator Levin’s ill-fated proposal in 2009 which would have caused tax-exempt entities to indirectly pay income tax on their share of profits from an offshore corporation or face the unhappy alternative of investing directly through a domestic partnership that could result in the imposition of the unrelated business income tax. In today’s economic environment, the glass is already half empty for tax-exempt pension plans.
Two other bills introduced earlier this year would change the due dates and extended due dates of partnership and corporation returns.S. 420 and H.R. 901 introduced on 28 February 2013 would accelerate the original due dates for calendar partnership and S corporation returns to 31 March from 15 April. The original due date for calendar year C corporation returns would be deferred from 15 March to 15 April.The final extended due dates for calendar year partnerships and S corporations would be 30 September. The final extended due date for calendar year C corporation returns would be 15 October. Under both bills, the due date for the Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts would be accelerated to 15 April from 30 June, but a six month extension would be permitted. While the new accelerated dates make sense, it is hard to imagine that investment managers, fund administrators and accountants will be able to meet the accelerated deadlines without some serious self-reflection. Is your glass half full or half empty?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 81 source=c4 split=train =====
Visiting Queens and searching for a location to swim? Nice option! Don't neglect to tell us how did it go.
Introducing now Cross Island YMCA swimming pool, a great swimming pool sent by a swimmer like you couple of days ago. Have you visit this pool? Do you work here? Please, contact us should you have information that you think is gonna be beneficial and remember from now on it is possible to now promote every pool just by sharing this page with your friends or adding comments within the Facebook boxes below. Come on and help this pool to be the very first in Queens!
Swimmers like you have reported 25 yards, 4 lanes, Indoors. Also, you will find 25 yards, 6 lanes, Indoors. If you need to get in touch with this Swimming Pool, e-mail address and phone number are both number.
177 Baisley Blvd. , Jamaica , Queens , NY , USA (Postal Code: 11434). Among all of the activities offered by the center, if you are keen on swimming you may enjoy 25 yards x 30 feet, 9 feet depth, Indoors. Just in case you want to get in touch with this Swimming Pool prior to dropping by, we only know the phone number.
138-46 Northern Blvd. , Flushing , Queens , NY , USA (Postal Code: 11354). Few days ago a normal user of this center told us they offer 25 yards x 45 feet, 6 lanes, Indoors. Furthermore, they keep in good conditions 20 yards, 3 lanes, Indoors. For this Pool, only phone number is number here.
133-01 41st Road , Flushing , Queens , NY , USA (Postal Code: 11355). Among all of the activities provided by the center, in case you are interested in swimming you may appreciate 20 yards, 4 lanes, Indoors. Just in case you need to contact this Pool before dropping by, we only know the phone number.
15 Borage Place , Forest Hills , Queens , NY , USA (Postal Code: 11375). This sports center offers 20 yards x 20 feet, Indoors. Contact data for this Swimming Pool such as phone number and e-mail address are number.
Fitzgerald Gymnasium , 65-30 Kissena Blvd. , Flushing , Queens , NY , USA (Postal Code: 11367). Among all the activities offered by the center, for anyone who is thinking about swimming you will enjoy 25 yards x 42 feet, 6 lanes, Indoors. Just in case you would like to contact this Swimming Pool before dropping by, we only know the phone number.
2112 30th Road , Long Island City , Queens , NY , USA (Postal Code: 11102). This sports center gives 25 yards, 5 lanes, Indoors. For this Pool, only phone number is number here.
Avery Avenue and 131 Street , Flushing , Queens , NY , USA (Postal Code: 11368). Among all the activities offered by the center, for anyone who is enthusiastic about swimming you will take pleasure in Olympic size x 25 meters, 8 lanes, Indoors. Just in case you want to contact this Pool before dropping by, we only know the phone number.
32-23 Queens Blvd. , Long Island City , Queens , NY , USA (Postal Code: 11101). Among all of the activities offered by the center, when you are considering swimming you can get pleasure from 25 yards, 6 lanes, Indoors. If you need to contact this Pool, e-mail address and phone number are both number.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 82 source=c4 split=train =====
Dude, sorry for the ridiculous cleavage shot.
apparently she pulled my shirt down a bit!
As you are reading this, I am starting my 9th week of postpartum work. That means I’ve officially been a “working Mom” (8wks) for as long as I was a SAHM (8wks). I don’t really agree with those titles, because honestly, a lot of my days at home with Stella are more exhausting than any day at the office, but there ya go.
Honestly, I am pretty happy with how things have worked out!
In a perfect world, I’d be working just for fun – for personal fulfillment – and I’d be able to work just a couple of days a week in a super flexible job instead of four days a week, nine hours a day. (This is not really something I’ve have pictured myself saying pre-baby…so weird.) I wouldn’t be working because we needed the income, and I wouldn’t be forced to leave Stells on days I just wanted to stay home to cuddle and play with her.
*I work four nine hour days instead of five eights, which I’m loving. You pay for daycare by the day (around here it’s $40/day), so it’s more cost effective for us, plus I still get three full days with Stella.
*My normal schedule is to work Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, so I never have to leave Stells for more than two days at a time, unless I’ve requested a 4 day weekend, in which case they’re super flexible with me, which is awesome.
*Stella goes to daycare Monday & Tuesday, and my mother-in-law and sister-in-law take turns watching her Thursday and Friday (usually in our home), so she is getting lots of one-on-one time with family, plus a little exposure to other kids.
*I almost always get to visit Stella over lunch and nurse her.
*I get pumping breaks whenever I want mid-morning and mid-afternoon. This means my schedule on work days is not too shabby!
6am-8:15am: Pump, shower & get myself ready, pack diaper, bottle, and pump bags while Daddy gets Stella up & ready, nurse Stella & then drop her off at daycare if it’s Mon/Tues.
1hr lunch break (paid for 1/2 of it). Go feed Stella.
Stella generally wakes up around 12-1am….then depending on the night, either once more around 4-5, or she’ll be up every 2 hrs (12,2,4,6)… we aren’t sure why.
I usually read blogs / check emails during my pumping breaks and during middle of the night feedings, and that’s honestly been one of the hardest thing to keep up with / biggest things I miss (other than Stella of course!) about staying home during the day. At least when I was home, I had a bit more time for that. At the same point, working outside the home has been good for me to learning how to prioritize laundry, meals, showers, and the like. Now I’m working hard to try to add exercising back into the mix – I just FEEL BETTER if I’ve worked out.
Overall, I’m glad I took the job. I miss, miss, miss my lazy days with Stella (and by lazy, I mean incredibly busy but we had all day to get things done whenever it worked out best to do them). It’s hard knowing that over 50% of her days are spent with people other than me. It’s hard knowing that me staying home with her just isn’t an option right now. BUT, it’s great knowing that she’s in good hands, and it’s great knowing that me having a steady income right now is helping to pay some bills and is giving my hubby the flexibility to start his own company, which is beyond exciting in our household!
Working outside of the home is hard some days, but I’ve been blessed to be reminded of the importance of counting down the minutes until I get to see my baby girl instead of counting down the minutes until her next nap.
*ETA – I know $40/day doesn’t sound like much to those of you that live in urban areas, but remember, I live in tiny, tiny town (pop < 1000) and even though our cost of living is ridiculous thanks to living close to a big time ski resort, typical wages are NOT great (think $12-17/hr for the average person working in town), so when full time daycare costs around $850/month, that takes a HUGE chunk of your income when salaries are so low. We are beyond blessed to usually only be spending $320-400/month on daycare thanks to the help of family and friends.
I'm glad taking this job turned into such a positive thing. I know it was hard to know at the time if it was the right choice or not, but it sure sounds pretty perfect to me!
So great things are going well for your family! It sounds like (nearly) the perfect situation.I must say I'm really envious of what you pay for daycare – we live just outside Boston, and Ellen's daycare is $363/week! (for 5 days) Takes a big chunk out of our income, but we're still much better off with two incomes minus daycare expenses.
I've been a lurker for a while, but I think this is the first time I've left a comment. I loved what you said about 'counting the minutes until you see her instead of counting the minutes until the next nap.' I returned to work yesterday 😦 and already feel the same way. Being a SAHM might be in my future, but for right now I need to be a working mom too.
I'm so glad things have worked out so nicely for you. It kills me to be away from Raegan for a night or two a week. We had to work it this way or we'd be paying a ridiculous amount for day care. So off to work I go on Friday and Saturday nights. But I will say the pumping breaks are nice…I take my iPad with me and watch a 30 min sitcom while I pump. Without commercials it's the perfect length of time. I'm jealous you are able to work so close to home. I wish I could come home and feed Raegan, but she's pretty much sleeping through the night so it would be kind of pointless to come home to feed her :)I wish we could all afford to be SAHM's but in this economy, I'm actually grateful to be employed.
Wow Josey, that is quite a busy schedule! I know I always feel loved when you comment on my posts (and wonder when the heck you have time to do so!) I figured it was during feedings. :)"But I've been blessed to be reminded of the importance of counting down the minutes until I get to see my baby girl instead of counting down the minutes until her next nap." – what a great outlook!You've got a good thing going lady! Keep up the hard work! That is one well taken care of baby.
We have a similar work schedule 🙂 I work M,T,Th,F, and I also spend my lunch breaks at home with Grace. At first I was kinda bummed about not having a longer weekend, but then I started to look at the bright side. Like you, I also find it so nice that Grace never has to go two days without a full day with me. However, I think it is more like I never have to go more than two days without her 🙂 You and Stella both look beautiful and happy!
I totally agree about counting down the minutes until seeing Maggie vs counting down the minutes until nap and then being disappointed when it was too short. I love that about working. Perspective!!!
I plan on going back to work after the baby, I haven't decided how much time off I will use either 10-12 weeks. My supervisor a mom too said it's really hard going back. Looks like you are doing awesome and have a great schedule and family to work with!
This timing of your post was perfect for me. I'm getting ready to go back to work full-time and am terrfied about it. Reading about your success has made me realize that maybe going back to work isn't the worst thing for me…and maybe it's my own blessing in disguise. Thanks for sharing.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 83 source=c4 split=train =====
Experience Borneo as you've never seen it before from a kayak on the Semadang river. Our full day tour is a perfect getaway for those who want to enjoy beautiful scenery and the tranquility of rainforest. Our friendly and professional guides will provide you with all the knowledge, understanding and equipment to ensure you have a fantastic time. No rush, no noise and just you and nature at its best.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 84 source=c4 split=train =====
Our community has already added one or more recommendations for other titles that are similar to the anime “Record of Grancrest War” in plot or setting. If you have any further recommendation for “Record of Grancrest War,” then feel free to add them using our entry form. If you add a recommendation, please make sure to leave a comment for our moderators that explains, just why you would make this recommendation.
TV-Series, 25 (2015)The Heroic Legend of Arslan (2015)Liden Films Inc., Sanzigen Inc.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 85 source=c4 split=train =====
The president is both representative of the people and the states. The Electoral College balances these two sources of power.
Each American had their own reasons for voting as they did. And while it may be cathartic for those who lost to hurl churlish insults, it does nothing to advance our nation.
Let’s tell the out-of-state interests that Maine isn’t the easy target they hope it is.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 86 source=c4 split=train =====
An accident at work that resulted in a contractor sustaining a serious hand injury could lead to him pursuing a compensation claim.
John Houston had three fingers on his left hand severed as he operated a horizontal bandsaw while working at the head office of Derek Parnaby Cyclones International in Chilton in April 2010.
During this incident, Mr Houston was using the machinery to cut down pieces of metal to construct a frame and his hand came into contact with its moving parts.
An investigation conducted by the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) concluded that his employer had failed to install an adequate guard to protect workers, meaning its negligence was the cause of this accident.
Cain Mitchell, inspector for the HSE, commented: "This was an entirely avoidable incident which resulted in Mr Houston suffering a life changing injury to his hand and has led to his own company going out of business."
Recently, Cheryl Bridge lost three fingers when her hand was crushed as she operated machinery at manufacturing firm Emboss Europe.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 87 source=c4 split=train =====
My favourite travel memories aren’t usually the ones where I’ve visited busy tourist attractions.
The times when I’ve found the offbeat areas of a city, discovered something that most tourists don’t know about, or spent time in places where the locals hang out are the ones that often stand out in my memory.
Everyone knows of the Eiffel Tower in Paris, Astronomical Clock in Prague, Brandenburg Gate in Berlin and St Mark’s Square in Venice, but Europe has a lot more to offer than these stock standard sights.
If you want to get off the beaten path and discover some awesome but lesser known attractions in Europe, here are 10 that are sure to blow your mind!
You absolutely cannot head to Budapest without visiting a few of its Ruin Pubs! What are Ruin Pubs, you ask? If you head into the Jewish Quarter, you’ll find a collection of once derelict warehouses and factories that have been transformed into bars.
These venues will often be decorated with upcycled furniture and wacky decorations that you’d probably find in a scrap yard or buried deep in a box of junk at an antique store. These casual places nightlife hotspots are where all the cool kids hang out in Budapest. Here’s a map and list of Ruin Pubs in the city.
This eerie looking wreckage is a US military plane that crashed on the black sand beach on the south coast of Iceland in 1973. There is no signage for it, only a gravel area where you’ll see a few cars parked by the side of the road.
It takes 40 minutes to walk from the road to the plane wreck (and walking along this sandy wasteland is suuuuuper boring) but it’s worth it! You’ll get some awesome photos and can climb all over the wreckage.
We actually didn’t know about the museum of old soviet arcade machines until we found a flyer for it in our St Petersburg hostel. This place has an insane collection of restored soviet arcade machines which you can actually play on. The museum staff will give you actual soviet era coins to insert into the machines.
We thoroughly enjoyed getting into the soviet spirit by driving miniature tanks around a war course, and comparing our strength to a Russian family’s little girl or apparently muscly grandfather by struggling to pull a “turnip” from the ground.
Paris has never been my favourite city in Europe, but we did find some fantastic areas off the beaten path that made our visit to Paris worthwhile.
Luxembourg Gardens was such a pleasant surprise – here you can experience the real Parisian lifestyle by watching locals sit and read books, enjoy a spot of sunshine, walk their miniature dogs and eat fresh crepes. What more could you want out of a visit to Paris?
In my opinion, Shoreditch is one of the most underrated activities to do in London! This area is sure to satisfy all of your hipster cravings as Brick Lane is known for it’s abundance of vintage clothing, record stores, antiques, and weekend markets.
And if you’re into street art (like I am), then you’ll find the walls of Shoreditch to be phenomenal. Every surface seems to have a massive mural, or political propaganda, or posters, or just a selection of random colours splashed all over it. I tend to go a bit photo crazy with the all the art around here.
The museum itself isn’t all that interesting, but the Atomium in Brussels was awesome purely because the structure is so damn weird.
Constructed for the 1958 world fair, the Atomium stands a little way out of the city but is easily accessible by train. Once inside, there are numerous exhibitions in 5 of the spheres, connected by stairs or escalators that travel through the long cylinders between them.
What if I told you that there is a chapel in the Czech countryside that is decorated with the bones of 40,000 plague victims? Yep, this place actually exists. You can take a day tour to Kutna Hora from Prague to visit this weird and wacky attraction.
It’s a strange feeling walking into this chapel of bones and knowing that there are so many skeletons in there, seemingly watching your every move. The bones are arranged to create strange decorations in the basement of the chapel.
Many of our favourite places are often beer-related, but this place puts a twist on your average Czech Pils as it the recipe was originally made by monks, and is served in a monastery.
Strahov Monastery is perched on the hill behind Prague Castle and has a fabulous view of the city. The building itself is super pretty and guided tours are available if that tickles your fancy. The on-site restaurant is where you’ll find the local brews served, which is positioned right at the top of a breathtaking walk back down the hill.
The Stockholm subway has been called the ‘world’s longest art exhibit’ as it stretches for 110km. Over 90 of the city’s 100 subway stations are decorated, with installations from over 150 artists.
I did a self guided tour of Stockholm’s best subway stations and was super impressed with the incredible ways in which each station was adorned. The impressive Rådhuset station (pictured above) was my fave from our makeshift tour – the red rock juxtaposed with the modern escalators gave the whole place a surreal look. It felt like we were wandering through a futuristic cave.
Parts of the Berlin Wall still stand, and this particular section has been used for artistic expression. The East Side Gallery is positioned along the bank of the river between Oberbaumbrücke (Oberbaum Bridge) and Ostbahnhof station, and stretches for 1.3km (0.8 miles) making it the longest open air gallery in the world.
The artworks on the East Side Gallery portray the feelings of fright, uproar, and relief that Berlin’s inhabitants experienced during these terrifying moments in the city’s history. It’s a truly interesting place to spend an hour or two exploring.
Thanks Hannah! Shoreditch was seriously one of my favourite places in Europe. There are some very weird and quirky places to visit in Europe, you should definitely check them out!
I had no idea that ruin pubs were a thing – I went to several in Budapest on a pub crawl with my hostel and had the best time! Budapest has such great nightlife!
No worries Inge. I’m glad I could inspire you, these places aren’t really on the tourist track but are definitely worth visiting!
I love finding undiscovered places, if only to avoid the crowds! And I haven’t been to any of the places you listed, so now I have some places to check out:) Thanks!
A few of my favorite “less” discovered places that come to mind are: 1. The Saint-Ouen Flea Market in Paris – free and so fun on the weekend. 2. The Leith neighborhood in Edinburgh – beautiful old buildings on the water, great food, and far away from the crowds, and 3. The Rooftop Bar and Restaurant on top of the Neukölln Arcade in Berlin.
I think avoiding the crowds by heading to some quieter areas is one of the best things to do on your travels! Your suggestions sounds fabulous Emiko, I’ll definitely have to check out Leith and the Neukölln Arcade next time I’m in Europe!
That’s usually the way it works! I’ve been lucky enough to have explored my home country of Australia as I was growing up, but sometimes foreign countries seem so much more exciting!
This is a seriously cool list. Thank you for sharing!
Thanks Meg, I’m glad you enjoyed it! There are some seriously cool things to see in Europe that are really off the beaten path and definitely worth visiting.
All those places look so gorgeous! I hope one day I can travel around europe and discover all its hidden gems. Beautiful post!
Awww, Shoreditch! I love this part of London.
OMG, that Museum of Soviet Arcade Game now on my top list, I never knew that they have it :D.
The arcade museum is not widely advertised, so I think most people don’t know about it. You should definitely give it a try!
This is such a fantastic list! Though Shoreditch is definitely way too hipster for my taste, ha. I’m definitely adding the arcade museum to my St. Petersburg itinerary this spring!
Ahh not the hipster type? I can’t get enough of it 😛 You should absolutely add the arcade museum to your itinerary – it was an attraction that really stands out in my memory! I’m sure you’ll love St Petersburg Silvia!
Hey cool! Something

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 88 source=c4 split=train =====
Dr Kathryn Smith is a Research Fellow in the Department of Chemical & Biomolecular Engineering at The University of Melbourne. Kathryn has a Bachelor of Engineering and a Bachelor of Science with majors in Chemical Engineering and Pharmacology. She completed her PhD studies in the Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering at The University of Melbourne, where her thesis work focused on the performance and scale-up of solvent extraction columns for alkaloid extraction. Kathryn's research interests are in the areas of separations processes, in particular solvent extraction for hydrometallurgical and pharmaceutical applications and solvent absorption for CO2 capture. She has experience in laboratory based research and in the operation of industry based pilot plants.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 89 source=c4 split=train =====
Dr. Violari is a paediatrician who is the head of PHRU's paediatric division. She was the lead investigator of the CHER trial at the PHRU. CHER is a landmark study that resulted in a major change to World Health Organisation (WHO) paediatric antiretroviral therapy guidelines. Dr. Avy Violari led one of the largest and most successful prevention of mother-to-child transmission of HIV (PMTCT) programmes in Africa. She has extensive clinical trials experience in paediatric and PMTCT research with a special interest in HIV/AIDS in children, especially infants with early infection. Dr. Violari has been involved in 24 HIV/AIDS trials, acting as Principal Investigator for 6 of them. Currently, she is the Principal Investigator of the PROMISE trial at the PHRU, which is one of the largest and most ambitious PMTCT trials ever undertaken.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 90 source=c4 split=train =====
Two stops today. Coincidentally, they both involve stories about the evolution of the Sky Girl novel (and, more coincidentally, things that occurred at the New York Comic Con.
which can found at Andy Schmidt's Comics Experience Site.
The second recounts how real life events affected the creation of the Jason character in the book. It is entitled Dr. Strangeinspiration or How I Learned to Hate the Contraction! and can be found at Fodder for Fiction.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 91 source=c4 split=train =====
Crowds of visitors tapered off this past week, compared to earlier in the month, the majority of United States residents stay on home ground for the Thanksgiving holiday. There were many adventurous family groups that headed south in search of warm sunshine. While much of the U.S. is now feeling the chill factor of winter settling in, the Southern Baja Peninsula has felt very pleasant warm sunny conditions, with high temperatures reaching the mid 80s. Variable winds are becoming more persistent from the north, ranging from 10 to 15 mph, this is the normal pattern throughout the fall and winter months. From Cabo San Lucas to Los Frailes ocean currents have been ranging 82/83 degrees, not much in the way of temperature breaks. Water has been exceptionally clear, sport divers reportedly were able to see the bottom structure of the Gordo Banks sea mount, where the pinnacle rises to within 110 feet of the surface.
The week began with stiffer winds from the north, before settling down mid week. On certain days this limited where charters were able to comfortably fish, when offshore grounds were too rough, there were opportunities in calmer areas closer to shore that were producing catches of yellowfin tuna, dorado, wahoo, sailfish and even a few striped marlin. Finding sufficient supplies of live bait was more time consuming and require long travel distances at times for minimal supplies, it is the period when schooling sardinas begin to migrate further into the Sea of the Cortez. These migratory patterns are now more unpredictable perhaps with the warmer than usual ocean temperatures. Still plenty of skipjack on the fishing grounds, no squid being reportedly encountered in the area.
The yellowfin tuna action on the Gordo Banks slowed way down, though a few of the larger sized tuna were accounted for, there was not much other action reported from thee banks, nor were the fish seen surfacing. There has been no drastic change of conditions and there is plenty of baitfish on these grounds, so we expect the yellowfin are still lurking in the vicinity. The tuna schooling on Iman Bank recently have averaged in the 10 to 20 pound class, mixed with aggressive skipjack, have have become very finicky, yellowfin were seen feeding on the surface, but were very shy towards striking baits with hooks, light leaders proved beneficial in hooking up, catches would vary from one or two fish per boat, to as many as a dozen. Dorado were spread out, most of the time single fish were coming into the chum line, mixed sizes, a handful of nice size bulls were accounted for. There continue to be reports of larger quantities of dorado being found on the Pacific side of Cabo San Lucas, same areas that are also producing some good numbers for striped marlin.
Wahoo became more active this week, anglers trolling chihuil and ballyhoo baits reported strikes, rapalas produced strikes as well, a larger grade of wahoo were appearing, not as many as the small juveniles, one 70 pound class wahoo was accounted for and many others in the 20 to 45 pounds range, still no big numbers, but anglers were reporting multiple opportunities per trip. The area of La Fortuna to Iman Banks was where the majority of the wahoo strikes were taken. Things are shaping up for a good late season bite for these elusive wahoo, boat pressure, water temperature, food source and clarity are all key factors as to when these fish really become the most active, we are anticipating wahoo action through the month of December.
Sierras are being found along the beach stretches now, most of these fish have been smaller sized, just the beginning of the season for this cooler water species. Not much consistent action was found off the bottom, though a few impressive specimens of dogtooth snapper, amberjack, yellowtail and cabrilla were taken.
3 striped marlin, 36 wahoo, 12 sailfish, 2 yellowtail, 96 dorado, 375 yellowfin tuna, 14 amberjack, 10 cabrilla, 70 sierra, 5 dogtooth snapper, 24 misc. pargo, 16 rainbow runners and 400 skipjack .
Ideal weather patterns continue to attract crowds of anglers in the direction of Southern Baja California. Warm sunny skies with temperatures reaching into the 80s, variable winds, more predominate from out of the north. Ocean swells were minimal, tidal swings are high now and water temperatures are ranging from 80 to 84 degrees. Currents are appearing favorable for an extended fall season, possible into the new year.
Last week WON held their annual Tuna Jackpot Tournament, this event is the highest stake tuna tournament in the world and definitely lived up to its billing once again. The majority of the 121 teams concentrated their efforts on the Gordo Banks, as these fishing grounds had been the only place where larger yellowfin had been consistently found for the past month. Local knowledge would definitely be imperative, knowing exactly how to fish these particular grounds is an art passed down through the generations. In a story book ending, the local La Playita team aboard the custom sportfisher “Estrella del Norte” pulled off first place honors with an incredible super cow that weighed in at 372 pounds, walking away with a check for $223 thousand dollars. Great achievement for these local anglers, big congratulations goes out to team members James Rosenwald, Donald Luhita, Carlos and Eduardo Beltran.
There is only one drawback to this tournament being held during the busy fall season, as this puts tremendous pressure on the inshore bait source, namely sardinas, as scores of these teams spend days gathering as many freshly brined sardinas as possible in order to have the steady chum to give them the possible edge needed to hook that winning fish. We have noticed for the past several seasons that immediately following this event there has been a significant shortage of baitfish available to supply the busy charter fleets, commercial netters are scrambling to find sufficient sources. There is a combined factor that these same baitfish follow migratory patterns, but there is the issue of relentless pressure on the available source that should be addressed and there should be set limits of how much of a certain bait source a team can acquire.
Charter fleets have been fishing in areas where they have been able secure baitfish, some days near Santa Maria and once again they are finding batfish inshore near Vinorama, either spot has been a long run for boats departing out of Puerto Los Cabos Marina. Punta Gorda and Iman Bank has been producing action on yellowfin tuna in the 10 to 18 pound range, mixed with skipjack and at times the fish are just coming to the surface in brief periods of flurries. Some charters scratched to get three or four tuna and others had their limits per angler. The larger sized yellowfin remain on the Gordo Bank, but have become more elusive, heavy yacht pressure on the Outer Banks does not make it easy for the normal day charter boats to be able to drift fish how they normally prefer to do. Every day we are still seeing a few fish in the 100 to 200 pound class being accounted for, but this is for quite few boats, not a lot of hook ups considering how many lines are in the water. We expect these yellowfin tuna to continue to hold around the Gordo Banks as long as these conditions remain to their liking.
Wahoo have seemed to have had lockjaw this past week, there were scattered reports of lines being cut off and baits sliced in half, but very few wahoo have actually been brought in to the docks and this is the time of year when we expect to see more activity for these prized gamefish. Perhaps we will benefit from late season action, since water temperatures are still holding a bit higher than normal.
8 amberjack, 16 cabrilla, 45 sierra, 16 pargo, 22 rainbow runners and 850 skipjack .
This time period always is one of the busiest of the year for the Los Cabos area, no exception this season, as anglers from across the globe are arriving by the plane load, with high expectations of fun times to be had by all. The weather has been ideal, sunny skies, with highs in the lower 80s. Some moderate winds blowing out of the north, but for the most part anglers enjoyed

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 92 source=c4 split=train =====
He leaned back in his chair, swirling his drink, for now he was certain to be a quality whiskey, served over ice.
She thought for a moment, I’ve been here before.
I’ve seen this place, and met this man.
That I am just a lesser man.
But there was nothing she could do at that point in time.
For he had seen her too.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 93 source=c4 split=train =====
This was painted on a Summer day from the car park in Fürstenwalde.
I especially liked the flower bed in the foreground which I think lends the painting some extra depth, but I was also inspired by the concatenation of overhead cables with fence and buildings.
The station is on a direct line to Berlin and the journey takes only 40 minutes, so it's a busy station and a lot of commuters.
Watercolour on 300g Fabriano watercolour paper.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 94 source=c4 split=train =====
Whether you want a clever, cute, or religious Easter Instagram caption, we've got you covered with these phrases and quotes.
Each year, the end of Lent brings the hoppiest holiday of the year: Easter. This celebration of renewal is often marked by family traditions, sweet treats, egg decorating, and spirited games. With all of the pretty pastel outfits and gorgeous Easter cakes, there will be plenty of photo opportunities on April 21. And the best way to make your picture stand out in your peeps' Instagram feeds this year is with the perfect caption. Whether you're looking for a religious Easter quote or a clever bunny pun, we've got you covered with the best Easter captions.
Without you, I'd go off the Peep end.
I'm having a good hare day.
Lent is over. Where's the dessert?!
Here's to a hoppin' good spring!
Easter egg hunts are proof that your children really *can* find things without Mom's help.
On Easter, we eat for breakfast.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 95 source=c4 split=train =====
A/C Distributor Program- CenterPoint Energy in Wallis provides incentives to air conditioning distributors committed to installing high-efficiency air conditioners and heat pumps in existing buildings.
By living in a CenterPoint Energy service area, customers have access to the full range of the utility's service provisions. With Smart Meter Texas, CenterPoint Energy customers can use the smart meter installed in their home or business to monitor how much energy they are consuming on an hourly, daily and monthly basis. CenterPoint Energy in Wallis utilizes its intelligent grid to better educate customers on the importance of managing their electricity use.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 96 source=c4 split=train =====
Coming just in time to help readers follow through on their work/life balance “New Year, New You” resolutions, William Morrow has published #CHILL: Turn off Your Job and Turn on Your Life by Dr. Bryan E. Robinson.
Robinson is uniquely positioned to counsel workaholics, perfectionists, overachievers, work-obsessed folk and others of the like. Robinson admits that he is a recovering workaholic. The insights within this mindfulness and meditation guidebook are rooted in his personal experiences as well as his professional expertise as a licensed psychotherapist and Professor Emeritus at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte.
We all know good health and happiness depend on having proper equilibrium between our work and private lives. But in today’s hectic work environment where we must do more in less time and with fewer resources, that goal can feel impossible to attain.
Under the constant pressure to overperform and encouraged by the promotions we receive for working nonstop, it’s easy to get trapped in a cycle of overworking. Robinson aims to break that toxic pattern, giving readers tips and tools to wake up from a life lived on automatic and become fully aware of the present moment.
Crafted to ground even the busiest of minds, #CHILL provides advice, inspiring quotes, and support needed to calm anxiety, break the addiction to work, and foster a peaceful, balanced life. The book will assist in helping the overworked realign and relearn what truly matters so that they can still excel at their job without sacrificing their joy.
In this Q&A, Dr. Robinson provided more perspective into his thinking.
BookTrib: What’s the difference in a chilled worker and a workaholic?
Dr. Bryan Robinson: A chilled worker is in the office dreaming about being on the ski slopes. A workaholic is on the ski slopes dreaming about being back in the office. If you’re a workaholic, you have difficulty turning off your “task mode.” If you’re chill, you are able to balance work and the other areas of your life: relationships, play, work, and self-care.
BT: In your book you talk about “Great Work.” What do you mean by that?
BR: Great Work is more than winning accolades, earning fat paychecks, getting that promotion, or staying ahead of deadlines. Great Work is toiling with greatness—compassion, empathy, self-care and care for others, honesty, integrity, loving, kindness, admitting mistakes and fixing them, self-correction.
In other words, it’s not simply the product of your efforts or completion of tasks; it’s the process you go through to get to the task.
BT: What does a reader learn in your book about how to chill?
BR: You learn that Chilling isn’t just something you do; it’s a perspective—a way of being in the world. It’s not just finding a hobby, exercising, meditating, or relaxing, although that’s part of it. It goes deeper. When you’re in Chill, you are leading your life from eight states of being all of which start with the letter “C”: Calm, Clarity, Confidence, Curiosity, Compassion, Creativity, Connectedness, and Courage.
#CHILL: Turn off Your Job and Turn on Your Life﻿ is now available for purchase.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 97 source=c4 split=train =====
September of 2018 is bringing more damage than ever. Hurricanes, storms, and typhoons are destroying all the possible connections between the cities and countries. What is more, airlines are canceling most of their flights.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 98 source=c4 split=train =====
Recognizing and Preventing Cryptolocker .
When a computer is infected with Cryptolocker, the virus will contact the server to activate the attack, then begin to encrypt all of the files on that machine. Once the files are encrypted, it posts a message asking for payment to decrypt the files – and threatens to destroy the information if it doesn't get paid.
The first Cryptolocker virus was discovered back in 2013. Since then the virus has evolved and there are several versions out there today – some inconspicuous and intelligent enough to circumvent the highest level of antivirus software available.
There have been countless Cryptolocker attacks over the past 2 years, with corporate ransoms upward of thousands of dollars. Victims are left with 2 options: pay the ransom using Bitcoin (an uninsured, untraceable electronic currency) thus, furthering security risks; or simply wipe your machine and consider your files gone.
So, how does one recognize and avoid downloading malware, such as Cryptolocker?
Educate yourself and fellow employees about ransomware, what it is and how it’s spread. Recognizing suspicious emails and requests and notifying your IT provider as soon as possible can help avoid potential destruction.
Verify the credibility of downloads and links before you take action. Being careless could prove extremely costly to your business’ continuity.
Make sure your antivirus is up to date. For corporations, always use multiple, enterprise level antivirus software tools in order to cross check each other.
Always make sure to back up your files to an external (and secure) server, so that if your computer is infected, you can restore your files with the backup copy. If you are unsure if you are backing up your data properly, check with your network support team.
If you find yourself infected with Cryptolocker or any other form of ransomware, do not panic. Contact your IT provider, they are the experts and will know the proper steps to take to remove the virus and get you back up and running in a timely fashion.
Ransomware is malicious software that infects your computer and denies access to your files until you pay a ransom. Cryptolocker is one of the most common versions of ransomware and is typically spread through phishing emails disguised as an installer zip file attachment. The latest version of Cryptolocker is capitalizing on the release of Windows 10.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 99 source=c4 split=train =====
The internet makes you stupid. If you are reading this on a computer, ur geting teh dumberest the moar u reed.
Now, in a second book called Digitale Demenz [Digital Dementia], he’s telling them that teaching young kids finger-counting games is much better for them than letting them explore on a laptop. Spitzer, 54, may be a member of the slide-rule generation that learned multiplication tables by heart, but his work as a neuropsychiatrist has shown him that when young children spend too much time using a computer, their brain development suffers and that the deficits are irreversible and cannot be made up for later in life.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 100 source=c4 split=train =====
Three years ago I spec’ed out my first rack-mount server system. It was a Dell PowerEdge 2450 and when it arrived I realized my days of being dazzled by the PC desktop were over – except for PowerMacs, of course.
Three days ago I loaded up the company Suburban with $60,000 worth of servers – 4U, 2U, 1U, slide rail mounted, hot-swap, the works.
I’ve been fortunate to have been in several positions where the need for a new network is imminent and I’m the main man for the job. I’m also a personality type who doesn’t blink twice when I’m told to spend more than my annual salary on server-techno-toys. So when Apple released a rack-mount server this past week I couldn’t help but analyze whether I would have bought one – or many – for my company.
I jumped on over to the Apple Store after their announcement and decided to compare the pricing on what I’d just stuck into the Suburban to a customized Xserve. We had spec’ed a system that would run either Linux or W2K Advanced Server, so I figured OS X would be comparable to say the least; Lord knows it’s easier to use. Like any good system, it needed dual processors to be a capable database or Web server for any type of real traffic. Four would be preferable so that they might look to run serious databases like Oracle (who now is supporting OS X).
For a starting point you have memory configuration. And unfortunately, that was a stopping point too. Two gig of RAM just isn’t enough, and that’s the maximum that Apple allows. What were they thinking? It really doesn’t matter how fast your RAM is running if there’s not enough of it. Single-rate, double-rate, triple-rate – my head would more likely gyrate if my boss called me indicating that WebTrends shut down because there wasn’t enough RAM to crunch a couple hundred megabytes of logfiles. Granted, many would argue that on a Unix box there’s not as much need for a memory hogging Windows allotment of 4GB of RAM. But I beg to differ. The rule is “Buy as much as you can”. PC’s allow 4 to 8 x 1GB modules these days (yes, in a 1U, not a 4U) and so should the XServe.
Next, the hard drives. The maximum 4 x 120GB drives on separate controllers is pretty sweet in a 1U design, but I didn’t really need that much on my servers. We are storing most of our stuff on some 4U quad-Xeon boxes that Apple can’t even touch yet, so I just spec’ed out the 73GB drives (x2) that I’d already put on the boxes in the Suburban. Actually, Apple didn’t offer 73GB drives so I put in 60GBs. The problem here is that the server board I had used had on-board Ultra160 SCSI. While the ATA on separate controllers is fast, it’s not Ultra160 fast. Anyone arguing can go ahead and put a few thousand users on a site with PDF’s and Flash and tell me otherwise.
Gigabit Ethernet, dual, standard. That’s nice. I had to add PCI boards to my box because it came with two on-board 10/100 ports which weren’t fast enough to keep up with my new switch. Apple’s really thinking ahead on this one. Less PCIs taken up in the future is less hassle for their engineers.
ATI graphics: This is great. Cheap, minimal, reliable. The option to use AGP is interesting; I just hope it doesn’t take away from their bottom line when users ditch their desktops for these puppies.
Additional cards: I added in the Ultra160; if not for the internal hard drives, how about local backup? I wanted the flexibility to use a small DAT to backup the server in case I didn’t feel like breaking the bank on an network-ready DLT changer. Either way, you need SCSI.
Lastly, AppleCare Premium. This isn’t an option, folks. You have to have three years of support and hardware maintenance on anything you buy, unless you don’t like your job (believe me, in this market, take the support!). I’m glad to see Apple provides it standard on the high-end configuration and subtracts bucks if you opt-out; personally I don’t think it should be opt-out, period.
The subtotal on this beauty: $6,699. Funny that my server was $7,699; pure Intel, without the $1,600 license for Windows Advanced Server (Linux would have been about $100 in a box). So from here it looks like the Apple is a logical choice, right? Maybe.
Apple still hasn’t mastered the concept of redundancy. It’s beautiful that they’ve placed all this in a 1U slot. The servers I looked at were 2U. But there’s one catch: What are you going to do with 20 1U servers? You can farm them with a Server Load Balancer, but that’s $25,000 from Cisco. And Apple, as of yet, doesn’t offer the clustering technology available in Windows 2000 Advanced Server and Mandrake. Nor do they have a centralized data technology to keep the drives between servers mirrored. I’m not sure there’s even a Content Management solution available for OS X. That’s scary.
So that brings us back to a single server solution for individual needs: one for a Web site, one for a database, etc. Ok, that’s a good market and that’s a huge populace in need of reliable, cheap equipment. The hardware monitoring, also, is amazing – it looks like Compaq’s solution in a sweet Apple interface. So having a few Apple servers and centrally managing is certainly feasible. Go Apple! But there’s one more catch: All the server health monitoring in the world isn’t going to help if your power supply dies. If Apple wants to be really impressive they should make the power hot-swappable just like the hard drives.
So now that I’ve nit-picked all the flaws in Xserve let me say this: This is Apple’s best entry product yet. They’re very close to perfection: The pricing is low and the only flaw is adding one or two RAM slots and a 2nd power supply. In that sense, like the iPod needing more space or a carrying case, they’re close enough to catch on with a core audience. They’re broadcasting loud and clear that they’re ready to play with this robust, Unix environment and some sweet management tools. The question now: Is anybody listening?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 101 source=c4 split=train =====
The Table Church will be partnering with Bison Christian Fellowship and Envision to go on a mission trip to Taipei, Taiwan this summer from July 16 – 28, 2018 (this date has been modified as of 4/15/18)! We will be working with Aroma, a local coffeehouse church, and also reaching out to the Deaf community.
Interested in joining our mission trip to Taipei, Taiwan? Please download the following documents to read more details and fill out the application. Please turn in $100 deposit to secure your spot for the trip.
Have questions about this trip? Please contact the church office at info@thetablecma.org.
Send Bison Christian Fellowship To Taipei This Summer!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 102 source=c4 split=train =====
It’s that time of the year again. The red carpets are rolling out – Golden Globes, Emmys, Oscars – glamour and glitter galore! It’s a good time for all entertainers to take a good look at their primary asset – themselves, says Frank N. Darras, the nation’s top individual and long term disability lawyer.
Whether you are an entertainer or an athlete, you should be protected if something should happen and you find yourself unable to work for long periods of time. Make sure you have protection specific to your line of work which will help you preempt ERISAlegal struggles. ERISA applies to any group long term or short term disability plan unless you work for the government, school or a church. Company and union sponsored long term disability plans leave you unprotected with poor consumer rights should you need to file a disability claim.
It’s those struggles with short and long term disability group ERISA governed policies that you want to avoid. Should you have to file a claim, legal recourse is limited and punitive damages are non-existent in the short and long term disability area. Remember, that before you can even file suit with your short term or long term disability denial you must timely exhaust the administrative appeal requirements and the process can take years from start to finish. Depending on timely payments from your short or long term disability policy can wipe out your personal wealth way before your case is decided.
Paying a little extra for an individual disability policy gives you the ability to be able to take advantage of the coverage you pay for when you need it. This can give you peace of mind in the event that an illness strikes or some accident occurs and you are unable to do what you do best. Individual disability policies protect your income stream so your lifestyle can be uninterrupted.
Buy young, buy a lot. Buying young gives you a more affordable premium and, purchasing the maximum benefit you can afford keeps your income stream as close as possible to your current standard.
If it is feasible, opt for a longer waiting period before benefits start. If your other investments will allow for this, you can keep premiums lower.
Go for the maximum benefit period – age 65 if you can afford it.
Own-occupation coverage is best. While you may not be able to play football if you are disabled, you may be able to coach or commentate. This coverage allows you to be productive at an occupation outside of the one you had when you became disabled and still receive individual disability benefits.
Read the fine print on your individual policy before signing. Some policies contain exclusions and restrictions on such things as mental health, chronic pain, fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome and limit benefits to two-years or less.
Look for clauses that allow for guaranteed renewable premiums and make sure the policy is non-cancellable.
Especially important for entertainers and athletes is some type of cost-of-living adjustment clause. If you buy your individual disability policy in the early years of your career, you won’t be earning as much as you might, say ten years down the road. This type of clause focuses on future income streams by allowing for inflation as well. Basically, the coverage increases as your income increases.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 103 source=c4 split=train =====
It�s no secret that car production in the United Kingdom increased during 2010, or that people who put off buying a new car in recent years are now ready to start looking at the options again. Along with kicking the tyres and checking under the bonnet, prospective buyers also want to pay close attention to the terms offered in a new car extended warranty. Doing so can make the difference between getting a good deal and standing the chance of losing out later on.
After finding the right vehicle, talk with the dealer about the terms found in a new car extended warranty.� Make sure to compare those benefits with the standard warranty, so you know what extra cover you actually get with the extended plan.� The idea is to consider each of those additional benefits carefully and decide if they justify the expense related to the extended warranty.� If not, then sticking with the standard warranty is the way to go.� On the other hand, if you see a great deal of value in those additional benefits, given your personal situation, paying extra for the new car extended warranty is the right thing to do.
There is no one right answer when it comes to going with a new car extended warranty over the standard warranty coverage.� Only the consumer can weigh the benefits with the cost and decide if the cover is worth it.� Know your options and explore them in detail before making a final decision and chances are you will be happy with the outcome for many years.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 104 source=c4 split=train =====
The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum’s traveling exhibition Deadly Medicine: Creating the Master Race examines how the Nazi leadership, in collaboration with individuals in professions traditionally charged with healing and the public good, used science to help legitimize persecution, murder, and ultimately, genocide.
The exhibition opened in the second floor galleries of the Heritage Discovery Center on March 1 and will be on display through April 27, and is made possible by the generosity of the Blanche Beerman Holocaust Museum Fund at the Community Foundation for the Alleghenies. Admission to the entire Heritage Discovery Center will be free every Saturday during the exhibition in order to maximize the number of people who see it.
Eugenics theory sprang from turn-of-the-20th-century scientific beliefs asserting that Charles Darwin’s theories of “survival of the fittest” could be applied to humans. Supporters, spanning the globe and political spectrum, believed that through careful controls on marriage and reproduction, a nation’s genetic health could be improved.
The Nazi regime was founded on the conviction that “inferior” races, including the so-called Jewish race, and individuals had to be eliminated from German society so that the fittest “Aryans” could thrive. The Nazi state fully committed itself to implementing a uniquely racist and antisemitic variation of eugenics to “scientifically” build what it considered to be a “superior race.” By the end of World War II, six million Jews had been murdered. Millions of others also became victims of persecution and murder through Nazi “racial hygiene” programs designed to cleanse Germany of “biological threats” to the nation’s “health,” including “foreign-blooded” Roma and Sinti (Gypsies), persons diagnosed as “hereditarily ill,” and homosexuals. In German-occupied territories, Poles and others belonging to ethnic groups deemed “inferior” were also murdered.
Deadly Medicine: Creating the Master Race is made possible through the support of The David Berg Foundation, The Blanche and Irving Laurie Foundation, The Lester Robbins and Sheila Johnson Robbins Traveling and Temporary Exhibitions Fund established in 1990, and The Dorot Foundation.
The Blanche Beerman Holocaust Museum Fund of the Community Foundation for the Alleghenies is sponsoring the installation of the exhibition in Johnstown. The Beth Sholom Congregation and David A. Glosser Foundation have also provided support. Program partners include the Cambria County Library System and the Holocaust Center of Pittsburgh. Media sponsors are WJAC and The Tribune-Democrat.
Additional educational programming, including lectures, are planned during the temporary exhibition, and will be announced at a later date.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 105 source=c4 split=train =====
After almost 4 years I am again creating a new thread to guide you on the best way to configure PCSX2 for playing Gran Turismo 4. I had created a guide previously but it's now too old and a lot of the stuff does not apply anymore because of all the different changes within PCSX2. The emulator can run GT4 a lot better now and if you have a decent computer you really don't need to mess with the speedhacks as much as we used to do in the past. I have noticed that when watching replays the dive camera now works. You can now fully use photo mode. Also, there is a plugin available for wheel support which I've been enjoying for a few months now. I'm using a Driving Force GT wheel and it works perfectly! You can also run the game on a triple screen setup in Surround/Eyefinity with proper aspect ratio.
I will start by giving you the emulator settings necessary to run the game at its best. I will also provide you with a shader configuration file to make the game look really nice. Shaders are now handled a little differently on new versions of PCSX2. So make sure to follow all instructions properly.
Under the PCSX2 window, go into "Config---Emulation Settings" remove the check mark from "Preset:" option and change the following settings only. Leave the rest of the settings on default.
Under the PCSX2 window, go into "System" and untick "Automatic Gamefixes". Do not forget this step because if you don't make this change the game will crash randomly when racing.
Go to "Config---Video GS---Plugin Settings" on the main window. Change the following settings only. Leave the rest on default.
D3D internal resolution---Custom (I have noticed that using your monitor's resolution or multiples of it run better than using 2x,3x, ect.) Depending on your video card, you can even run in 4k (3840x2160). That's the resolution I use and it works very well for me.
This setting will fix issue with wheels on your car not being properly centered/aligned when you watch replay.
As I said earlier, PCSX2 handles shaders a little differently now.
First you will need to download the attachment I'm providing.
This attachment is going to be the Shader Configuration file used for modifying the look of the game. Download it and put it in your Shaders folder inside the PCSX2. Do not put it inside any other folder.
Go to "Config---Video GS---Plugin Settings" on the main window.
Under "Shader Configuration:" click on "Configure" button.
Under "External Shader Config" click on "Browse" button and select the file I provided.
Next, boot the game and go into the options of the game and change Aspect Ratio to 16:9 and video output to "Progressive 480p" and also make sure that all picture options are set to "0". Get in any race and press the Home key on your keyboard to activate/deactivate the shader. Then, have someone pick up your chin because you will like what you will see. Enjoy!!!
P.S. Remember. Only use shader during races and with 480p mode active. Deactivate shader to navigate menus as they will be too bright.
The game benefits from using recent git releases and needs the OpenGL (Hardware) renderer to fix brightness settings.
Custom Resolutions are not recommended and can cause graphical issues.
The 480p option is only available for the NTSC releases.
Quote: Under the PCSX2 window, go into "System" and untick "Automatic Gamefixes". Do not forget this step because if you don't make this change the game will crash randomly when racing.
That makes no sense as all "Automatic Gamefixes" does is enable the "VUs---Clamping Mode---Extra" you suggest.
Custom Resolution in 16:9 ratio (1920×1080, 2560×1440 and 3840×2160) has worked better for me on this particular game. I makes the game run smoother and look sharper with no slowdowns on framerate. If I choose 3x game looks a bit blurry and I get some fps drops on certain maps. 4x and and above don't help either.
For some odd reason Automatic Gamefixes is causing random crashes with this game. It took me a while to figure it out. I have also found a post a little while back and someone suggesting to disable it cause they were having the same issue. As soon as I disabled it, no more crashes.
I see you have a GTX 970 like I do. Does it not choke at the start of a race? I'm using 3840x2160 and at the start of a race 2-5 seconds it will stutter at a low of 10 fps. Also some irregular stutters on some maps like the Japan course where you go through a tunnel. I think this is due to a lot of memory allocation going on. I recommend a video card with 4GB or more VRAM and 8GB+ RAM if you use 4K UHD.
This depends on your setup. If you have a high end CPU, I recommend leaving this off, putting less stress on your GPU.
EE/IOP---Clamping Mode---Full will result in certain license tests not working. Try out License B - 3 (with the red Honda CRX). It will freeze in the loading screen.
Setting this to Extra + Preserve Sign works best. Disabling Automatic fixes does not fix this.
(01-29-2017, 02:16 PM)FlatOut Wrote: Custom Resolutions are not recommended and can cause graphical issues.
Agreed , however having a custom resolution that is actually upscaled properly is a good idea. Example I run it at 2.5x (or 2.6 forgot) but since there is no option to set that value I chose custom (1664 x 1331). Doing some calculations on it it seems to be equal to 1080p.
(01-29-2017, 04:53 PM)RobbeS Wrote: I see you have a GTX 970 like I do. Does it not choke at the start of a race? I'm using 3840x2160 and at the start of a race 2-5 seconds it will stutter at a low of 10 fps. Also some irregular stutters on some maps like the Japan course where you go through a tunnel. I think this is due to a lot of memory allocation going on. I recommend a video card with 4GB or more VRAM and 8GB+ RAM if you use 4K UHD.
With the settings I provide I do not have any issues at the start of any race. Game is running at 60 fps at all times. Unless you are not putting your game to 480p mode, that's the only way I have seen the game not running smoothly. The only time I see a drop in Framerate is on some night courses when viewing some replay or if there is a lot of lights sources being shown on the screen. Otherwise the game runs perfect.
Interlacing should be off during races as when you have 480p active on the game, it's not necessary. Interlacing is only needed on selection menus. So if you have it set to auto it will switch to the necessary interlacing mode, or you can simply press F5 to toggle between interlacing modes to use on the menus like you suggested.
So, in a nutshell; if you run the game in 480p mode it runs smoother, and you don't need interlacing during races.
One will help to display text correctly on menu screens, and the other will help to display time related information during races. Also to display the race time related information of the opponents and their corresponding icons on the screen during races. It will also help to correct issues with ghost car reproduction on time trials or practice sessions.
Licences can be obtained by simply reverting these particular setting to default on problematic tests and then change them again when done.
I've done licences many times with no issues by simply switching to software mode when selecting the problematic test and once inside switching back to hardware mode and they will run successfully. It can be a hit or miss thing.
I just lost all my cars. It said the save state of my memory card changed and I had to create new data. So I lost every car besides the one I was "driving". Is there any way I can spawn in these vehicles again?
(01-30-2017, 03:57 PM)RobbeS Wrote: I just lost all my cars. It said the save state of my memory card changed and I had to create new data. So I lost every car besides the one I was "driving". Is there any way I can spawn in these vehicles again?
I had the same thing happen to me when I was messing around, but I was on a new file. Did you create the new data? If not, the old save data should still be on your memory card and restarting the game should fix it.
(01-30-2017, 04:58 PM)FlatOut Wrote: I had the same thing happen to me when I was messing around, but I was on a new file. Did you create the new

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 106 source=c4 split=train =====
Click the link below to download this week’s puzzles. 2017 May 26 — online puzzles PDF — from The Grey Area newspaper, www.greyareanews.com. Answer to the Cryptogram posted on next week’s puzzle page.
Click the link below to download this week’s puzzles. 2017 May 19 — online puzzles PDF — from The Grey Area newspaper, www.greyareanews.com. Answer to the Cryptogram posted on next week’s puzzle page.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 107 source=c4 split=train =====
The global clostridium vaccine (animal health) market is fairly consolidated with the combined share of the top five companies exceeding 63.0% of the overall market in 2015. These vendors are Zoetis, Inc., Merck & Co., Sanofi-Aventis, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Eli Lilly and Company. Transparency Market Research (TMR) notes that the leading vendors have presence in a large number of nations and increasingly focus on research and development activities. Top companies in this market adopt key strategies such as targeted in-licensing models, acquisitions, and innovative marketing campaigns to consolidate their shares across various regions. Major pharmaceutical and life sciences companies are launching innovative digital campaigns to extend their customer outreach. For instance, Bayer AG, launched a smartphone app—an interactive and intuitive tool—to help dairy farmers and veterinarians accurately assess the health of their cattle.
Pharmaceutical majors are acquiring top animal vaccine manufacturers to expand their point-of-care diagnostics portfolio and strengthen their market presence. According to TMR’s estimation, the global clostridium vaccines market is anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 4.9% during 2016–2024. The market was valued at US$418.0 mn in 2015 and registering an impressive growth is expected to reach US$643.5 mn by 2024.
Based on geography, the global clostridium vaccine market is segmented into North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and Latin America. Among these regions, North America dominated the clostridium vaccine market in 2015 and the regional market accounted for a share of 37.6% and is expected to contribute the major revenue in the global market along the forecast period. The significant growth is attributed to the soaring demand for better veterinary healthcare services and intense government’s interventions in various countries to fund research and development activities.
Based on the animal species, the global clostridium vaccine market is segmented into bovine, ovine, caprine, swine, and poultry. The swine vaccine segment emerged as the major market in 2015. The dominant share of the segment was due to a large demand for pork and increased awareness among vegetarians to protect zoonotic diseases. On the other hand, the ovine segment will clock an impressive growth and is expected to overtake the swine segment over the forecast period. The growth of the ovine vaccines market is propelled by increasing incidence of diseases such as blackleg, black diseases, and black quarter and increased awareness for immunization in various regions.
The global clostridium vaccine market is driven by increased awareness regarding the health of animals, especially in developing regions, combined with the soaring worldwide demand for various animal products including cattle milk, meat, and eggs. Coupled with this, intensive efforts by various government bodies to increase the affordability of clostridium vaccines and medications in developing regions are expected to boost the market.
However, the high dependence on government distribution channels for these vaccines has hit the profitability of the vaccine manufacturers in various emerging markets. Nevertheless, other regions have witnessed significant demand for the vaccines through retail pharmacies thus decreasing the dependence on government for the sale of these vaccines.
The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR) titled “Clostridium Vaccine - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024."

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 108 source=c4 split=train =====
Find the best price Samba Kiss perfume . You can filter perfume by stores and by sizes.
Fragrance notes: Vanilla, jasmine and musk.
Description: Samba Kiss Perfume by Perfumers Workshop, Warm, fruity, delicious samba kiss by perfumers workshop was created in 2001. This feminine scent posesses a blend of: vanilla, jasmine and musk. Perfect for everday casual wear.
This shows the cheapest prices for the Samba Kiss perfume. However, it’s noteworthy to point out that the perfume Oz/ml sizes may be relatively small. This feature is designed specifically for those clients who would like to try our new stuffs and don’t want to spend more cash. Thus, if you’d like to try a certain fragrance, this option can absolutely work better for your prerequisites.
This is an implausible feature that shows the largest discounts for the Samba Kiss perfume. Ideally, it’s an incredible feature, especially for those guys who would like to identify the best price drop and probably take advantage of that drastic price drop.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 109 source=c4 split=train =====
The Topo Gigio Debate. Topo Gigio is a character from an Italian children's puppet show who crossed the Atlantic in the 1960's and charmed audiences of the beloved Ed Sullivan Show. If you remember Ed, you'll likely remember Topo. Described as having dreamy eyes and a childlike personality, he remains popular in Italy today not only on television but in magazines, merchandise, and even movies. One of the most distinguishing features of Topo is his oversized ears. And that's where the debate comes in.
The American Treasure Tour has mice all over the place. Now, none of them are living, so far as we know. We have electronic animations, artwork of mice, even some famous mice associated with Florida theme parks. But one of our mice has garnered special attention because visitors claim that he is actually Topo Gigio. So we ask for your help - is our mouse, pictured to the right, Topo Gigio, or some wannabe Topo?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 110 source=c4 split=train =====
An authoritative and classic three-book collection, now in one volume.
Together in one comprehensive book for the first time, these three volumes of Shop Drawings of Shaker Furniture & Woodenware capture the simplicity, precision, and utility of shaker craftsmanship. In print for more than 20 years, these legendary and authoritative volumes have served as guides for cabinetmakers and antique collectors worldwide. Includes shop drawings for more than 100 authentic pieces.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 111 source=c4 split=train =====
OFFER FOR INDIAN CUSTOMERS ONLY. ONLY FOR FIRST YEAR !!
100% Free hosting offers are only available to new W3SERVICES customers, and are available for 3 months following your W3SERVICES sign-up date.
## After 3 months , customer needs to upgrade to any paid plan.
Redemptions are on a First-Come, First-Buy basis. Limited Stocks available.
For queries, please contact Sales on 093-0067-0068 or mail us.
LOOKING FOR GOOGLE MAIL , ZOHO MAIL SOLUTION AT LOW COST ? CHAT WITH US OR MAIL US.
HOW MUCH SPACE WILL I GET AND IS THIS ENOUGH TO HOST 10 PAGES STATIC WEBSITE?
In this plan, you will get 50 MB hosting space for web pages , email accounts which is more than enough to host basic website. Note :- No database available in this plan.
HOW LONG THIS PLAN OFFER VALID ?
It is valid for life time till you contine do payment. Please check details in Terms & Conditions ( below plan ).

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 112 source=c4 split=train =====
l Crystal "Room was very clean. Bed was extremely comfy. Noise level was low."
Many have visited, but none have returned to tell the tale. Will you be the first to write a review of El Rey Theatre Chico?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 113 source=c4 split=train =====
Specific prevention of sudden cardiac death (SCD) caused by an acute coronary event in the general population has remained a challenge for clinicians since the recognizable risk factors for this fatal outcome of an underlying coronary artery disease (CAD) may be partly the same as those of a non-fatal coronary event.
This case-control study was designed to compare genetic and several other factors between consecutive series of survivors (n = 644) and victims of SCD (n = 425) from an acute coronary event. Only subjects with an acute coronary event verified at medico-legal autopsy were included in the SCD group. As controls, 809 subjects without any history of CAD, acute myocardial infarction or aborted cardiac arrest were examined. Subjects to the sub-studies were drawn from these study populations. The increased risk for SCD in the general population was associated with family history of SCD, male gender, smoking, cardiac hypertrophy and the severity of CAD. In the present study, 100% mortality was observed when all these risk factors were present at the time of an acute coronary event. In the subjects with a family history of SCD, the increased risk of SCD was correlated with the severity of CAD without any clustering of coronary risk factors, suggesting that genetic factors affecting the accelerated progression of CAD may have an important role in familial SCD. However, polymorphisms of genes affecting thrombosis, which are believed to have effects on plaque progression and the consequences of plaque complications, were not associated with an increased risk for SCD.
The present results show that the risk of SCD at the time of an acute coronary event can be assessed by generally available methods. If a subject is a male smoker and has a family history of SCD, the risk of SCD is substantially increased. In our study sample the currently known polymorphisms affecting thrombosis did not have a major impact in risk stratification of genetic susceptibility for SCD. Simple association studies have clear shortcomings when they attempt to reveal genetic associations with complex outcomes and thus new research strategies are needed to elucidate the genetic background of SCD.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 114 source=c4 split=train =====
Several years ago, retired military officer Guan Baihua invented what may be the ultimate geometry geek bicycle. The front wheel is a pentagonal curve, and the back wheel is a reuleaux triangle (a triangular curve). It seems like it shouldn't work, but it does — and beautifully!
It's called the Reuleaux Bicycle. I'm not sure why it hasn't caught on yet, given the lust for artisanal bikes among urbanites.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 115 source=c4 split=train =====
[Equipment Recommendation] What is the price of talc Raymond mill?
What kind of talc mill equipment can be used for talc grinding? On market, Raymond mill is widely used grinding equipment with stable and mature performance. It also gains a high market share in talc powder making field and enjoys the favor of talc powder-making customers. Guilin Hongcheng Talc Raymond Mill has stable operation, reliable performance, high processing efficiency, energy saving and noise reduction. Moreover, the price setting of talc Raymond mill is scientific, and it is an effective assistant to increase the production of talc powder.
In the field of powder processing, Hongcheng is a high-tech enterprise with rich experience in mechanical processing, advanced pulverizing technology and mature team building. Hongcheng Raymond Mill has many patented technologies. It is grinding equipment that breaks through the difficulties of low productivity, low energy consumption and high maintenance cost of traditional mill. It is also talc grinding equipment recommended by Hongcheng’s customers.
In order to improve the efficiency of equipment operation and help customers increase production and income, Hongcheng has set up offices and service centers in many areas. With a responsible attitude and the spirit of excellence, Hongcheng has formulated a selection and configuration plan for each customer, and formulated a reasonable mill price. For powder making, Hongcheng team is more scientific and the processing technology is more mature.
2. What's the price of a talc mill?
Talc powder making, Raymond mill is a dedicated grinding equipment, then, what is the price of talc mill? In fact, the grinding needs of many customers are different, and the application fields of finished products are different, which requires strong manufacturers to provide customized services according to the needs of customers and provide more professional technical guidance. Hongcheng has been committed to providing customers with professional selection and configuration scheme, formulating a more reasonable mill price, which has been trusted and supported by customers. For talc powder making, Hongcheng also formulates the price and type selection scheme of talc mill according to the project requirements.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 116 source=c4 split=train =====
It’s nearly June. That means many things to many people – summer, school holidays, long evenings… and to some, Health Profiles. Since 2006, these summaries of health data for each local authority in England have been produced to support local authorities and their partners to make plans for improving the health of local people. Each year, Health Profiles are launched at the annual conference of the Local Government Association, which falls in June or early July.
It’s never a totally stress free process, as there are always new issues to deal with, so our diaries for May and June are often busy. But the Health Profiles are a great example of how different parts of PHE come together to serve a common purpose.
The data presented in the profiles comes from many different sources, including PHE (e.g. sexual health data used for the indicator on sexually transmitted infections), and outside sources (e.g. National Child Measurement Programme data for indicators on overweight and obese children). Each Health Profiles indicator is created by teams with expert knowledge of the topic, to ensure that indicators use appropriate statistical methods and properly represent the real world situation.
The Health Profiles Project is led by a project board with representatives of Local Government and Directors of Public Health, to ensure that Health Profiles present useful information in a way that is helpful to users. Once the Project Board has decided how to present the indicators, PHE’s database managers and software developers create the profiles. The website team make the Profiles available, and press officers make sure that users are told about them. PHE Centres support partners in local authorities and health services in using the Profiles to assist conversations on local issues and plan how to improve health and reduce inequalities. Bringing together all this expertise in PHE enables us to use the right skills and relationships at each stage of the process. It’s a case of the whole being more than the sum of its parts.
Furthermore, to ensure that PHE’s information and intelligence products address the needs of users, the Knowledge and Intelligence User Reference Group, has been established to bring together a number of senior stakeholder representatives (including the LGA, Health Watch, Department of Health and different directorates within PHE). This group will ensure that PHE prioritises work on information and intelligence products to meet the needs of local decision makers, by engaging users and listening to their requirements.
assessment tools (eg the Segment Tool, which shows the contribution of different conditions to local inequalities in life expectancy).
One of our current priorities is working on updates and improvements for the Local Health tool and the small area dataset which supports it. This tool presents information on health in each electoral ward in England, both as maps and as a report for the selected area. It also enables users to access data and reports for their own, self-selected areas, built up from the available wards.
The Local Health tool was developed in response to requests from councillors and local voluntary groups, who are concerned with health inequalities affecting small areas that can be missed when information is presented as the average for a whole local authority. We want to make it as easy as possible for people to access the information they need, so will be consulting users on the content, presentation and user interface of Local Health. If you have a moment, we’d be grateful for your input via a short survey, or by commenting below.
The 2014 Health Profiles will be released, and Local Health will be updated on 8th July and the team will be at the PHE stand in the Local Government Association conference. If you will be there, please visit the stand to see the new profiles and have a look at other products that may help in your work.
I am a public health analyst working in the North East of England. As part of my role, I deliver workshops to make colleagues aware of the new tools being published by PHE, and help them to use the tools effectively. Attendees have come from public health, a wide range of other Council teams, partner public sector organisations and third sector groups.
Experience from the workshops demonstrates that users find it quite tricky to navigate around the "Local Health" tool. Consequently I have created a user guide walking people through key tasks such as creating a detailed local area profile or a map showing local variations in a health indicator. It would be useful if a similar guide could be downloaded from the Local Health website. Better still, video clips could be created capturing the process of creating basic outputs.
Thanks for your comment Andy – It’s good to hear you’re using and demonstrating Local Health. We’re keen to make using our tools as easy as possible, and have indeed produced a ‘How to’ guide for Local Health, along with accompanying video clips. To see these, click the ‘How to…’ link at the top of the text section on the left hand side. If there’s a particular topic you’d like adding to the list, do let us know via localhealth@phe.gov.uk.
Thanks for the very helpful blog and I now know a little more about the profiles and the tool.
I wondered if we have monitored who is actually using the tool and do the groups you have identified input from marginalised and vulnerable groups?
I will try and have a ,look at the health profiles when updated 8th of July too.
Bets wishes and thank you for the informative blog.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 117 source=c4 split=train =====
www.archerysportsusa.com: We've got the country's largest collection of archery gear and sports apparel. Everything from bows and arrows to clothes and quivers. We have everything you need for any archery activity imaginable.
www.ratetheref.net: Created by sports fans who believe there is no genuine outlet for spectators to express their opinions on a referee's performance.
www.shoot.co.uk: Shoot Monthly is the football magazine for fans of all ages. They cover everything from the Premiership down to the Conference, plus Scotland and the biggest overseas stories.
www.sportviews.com: A discussion forum for those interested in sports.
www.worldcupyears.com: This website will provide information on all world cups starting from 1930 right through to World Cup 2006 in Germany.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 118 source=c4 split=train =====
The finest Trance & Progressive music brand, including a variety of styles and genres on Electronic Music.
BrightLight Music was founded in november of 2010 by Kevin Marroquin (KevinMa) with main focus to deliver online free DJ mixes.
Based mainly on the Trance music genre, including old and new productions in the finest Trance & Progressive music under a variety of styles and genres on Electronic Music.
In 2011 Robert B. was appointed as Co-Founder of this music brand.
BrightLight Music Radio Show are broadcasted on Área Exa 101.7 FM hosted by Rodrigo Valle, Robert B. & KevinMa.
BrightLight Music - Retrospection [Mixed by Ionattan Figueroa & KevinMa] - Duration: 10 minutes.
Robert B. - The Most Wanted DJ by Pioneer [Casa Instrumental Guatemala] - Duration: 8 minutes, 12 seconds.
BrightLight Music | Crimson Skies [Mixed by KevinMaº] - Preview - Duration: 6 minutes, 31 seconds.
Robert B. & KevinMaº live @ 1800 Lounge playing: "Indecent Noise - Phobia" - Duration: 67 seconds.
Robert B. b2b KevinMaº live @ 1800 Lounge playing: "Gareth Emery - Concrete Angel [Aly&Fila Remix]" - Duration: 76 seconds.
Robert B. b2b KevinMaº live @ 1800 Lounge playing: "Jordan Suckley - Sunkissed" - Duration: 58 seconds.
BrightLight Music | Another Rainy Day vol. 2 [Mixed by KevinMaº] - Preview - Duration: 12 minutes.
BrightLight Music | Lift Me Up [Mixed by KevinMaº] - Preview - Duration: 10 minutes.
Sied van Riel & Standerwick - In A Perfect World (Teaser) - Duration: 3 minutes, 38 seconds.
OZORA Festival 2013 (Official Video) - Duration: 51 minutes.
Cosmic Convergence 2014 Panajachel Guatemala año nuevo 2014 - Duration: 9 minutes, 18 seconds.
UP3 - Balrog (Original Mix) [Discover Dark] #ASOT666 - Duration: 3 minutes, 35 seconds.
Aly & Fila Guatemala Special Aftermovie - Duration: 4 minutes, 27 seconds.
Trance Revolution GT - Duration: 8 minutes, 9 seconds.
KevinMa b2b Robert B 16/05/2014 - Duration: 2 minutes, 3 seconds.
JOOF Editions | John '00' Fleming, Alex Di Stefano, Airwave | Toronto, Canada (14.03.2014) - Duration: 101 seconds.
Activa - Antimatter (Original Mix) - Duration: 3 minutes, 33 seconds.
BAT IX Indecent Noise - Jonathan Carvajal Spring valley [Mental Asylum] - Duration: 106 seconds.
Esteban Najera - Brightlight (Original Mix) - Duration: 4 minutes, 18 seconds.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 119 source=c4 split=train =====
Whether your football fields need protection against rain, snow or frost, there are football field covers to do the job and to do it well. We have the widest range of athletic field tarps, track and football sideline covers, athletic wall padding and windscreen banners. What’s more, with our proven field cover handling system, you can install or remove a full size football or soccer field cover in surprisingly little time.
Through four decades of experience in manufacturing, and extensive feedback from our clients, which includes Professional Teams to High Schools, we have continuously redesigned and developed cutting edge materials.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 120 source=c4 split=train =====
This idea that escharotics can "draw out" cancers from underneath the skin is preposterous. Furthermore, even if a product could do this, it could not influence cancers that have spread (metastasized) to distant regions of the body.
Some currently marketed escharotics contain bloodroot (Sanguinaria candensis), zinc chloride, or both. However, because cancer salves are not manufactured under government supervision, it may not even be possible to know what is in them. People who use such products without benefit of medical consultation run additional risks. Untrained individuals may incorrectly conclude that a growth is cancerous when it is not. Skin cancers that can spread should be medically investigated to see whether they have done so, and some of these require extensive treatment even though they might not look dangerous to the naked eye. In addition, although escharotics may appear to destroy cancers on the surface of the skin, the user will not be able to tell whether cancer remains under the skin where it can continue to grow without immediate detection.
In 2002, the Archives of Dermatology published a report of four patients who had used escharotic agents instead of standard treatment for a basal cell cancer . In the first patient, the visible tumor was removed and the skin healed. However, a biopsy several months later a biopsy showed that cancer remained under the skin. The second patient successfully eradicated his tumors but sustained severe scarring that required surgery to repair. The third patient had successful surgery for several tumors but was unhappy about tiny scars and the cost of the procedures. When last seen by the authors, he had 2 large swellings covered with a thick central eschar, one on each side of his neck as a result of treatment by an "herbalist." The fourth patient came to the authors with a large basal cell cancer of the nose, lip, and cheek that required extensive surgery to remove and later metastasized to his bones. Several years earlier, when the cancer was in its early stages, he had refused surgery and chosen instead to treat it with an escharotic. The cancer appeared to have been healed, but obviously was not. The authors warned that many of the skin disorders referred to in testimonials published on Web sites that market escharotics were not medically diagnosed so that it would not be possible to judge whether they were benign growths or, if cancerous, had actually been cured.
The extreme danger of using escharotics products is illustrated by the experience of Ruth Conrad, an Idaho woman who consulted one of the state's many unlicensed naturopaths in 1984. While seeking treatment for a sore shoulder, she also complained of a bump on her nose. The naturopath stated that it was cancer and gave her a black herbal salve to apply directly. Within a few days, her face became very painful and she developed red streaks that ran down her cheeks. Her anxious phone call to the naturopath brought the explanation that the presence of the lines was a good sign because they "resemble a crab, and cancer is a crab." He also advised her to apply more of the black salve. Within a week, a large part of her face, including her nose, sloughed off. It took 3 years and 17 plastic surgery operations to reconstruct her face. During a deposition, the naturopath stated that he had obtained the salve from a woman in Mexico and that he didn't know who had manufactured it. The picture shows the extent of the injured area.
Later in 2005, Lois March, M.D., an ear, nose, and throat specialist who practiced in Cotrell, Georgia, surrendered her medical license to settle charges that she improperly helped Dan Raber, an unlicensed person who treated patients for cancer. Georgia’s Composite Board of Medical Examiners had accused March of providing pain management to several patients whom Raber treated with a bloodroot paste, including one man whose flesh was eaten so badly from his shoulder that the bone was exposed [5,6]. Press reports indicate that the FDA raided Raber's farm . In 2007, after March participated in rehabilitative activities, board reinstated her license with an agreement that called for her to continue to have counseling for two more years .
In April 2006, the FDA ordered Risingsun Health Alternatives and Herbs, a division of MacAdam Health Enterprises of Livingston, Montana, to stop its illegal marketing of Cansema products . Although the company owner promised several times to stop the illegal marketing, he did not stop. After making several undercover purchases, the FDA obtained a consent decree for a permanent injunction [10,11].
The company responded by removing the illegal claims but continued to sell black salve products.
The FDA warned that this type of "disclaimer" would not protect against prosecution because other parts of the site (including metatags), had made it clear that the products were intended to treat cancer .
In September 2008, the Federal Trade Commission secured a consent agreement with Holly A. Bacon (d/b/a Cleansing Time Pro), who had marketed " black salve" ointment and tablets with claims that both products were effective against all forms of cancer, as well as against hepatitis, HIV, SARS, and Avian Flu and other viruses. The agreement bans her from making unsubstantiated claims about any product .
In 2013, a Missouri court ordered Samual A. Girod to stop marketing TO-MORE-GONE (a salve that contained bloodroot) and two other products for which he was making illegal trherapeutic claims. When he continued to sell them, the FDA initiated a criminal prosecution that resulted in a six-year prison sentence .
Australia's Therapeutic Goods Administration (2012) and New Zealand's Medicines and Medical Devices Safety Authority (MEDSAFE) (2013) have issued warnings against the use of black salves and other caustic products to treat skin problems [15,16]. The New Zealand report summarizes the outcomes of 13 cases reported in medical journals between 2001 and 2010. Most had very bad cosmetic results, and at least five had recurrence of their cancer.
Weil does not mention how he determined that medical students who followed his advice had "consistent and satisfactory outcomes." Some skin cancers that are left behind will not become apparent until months or even years after they are treated. Without a formal follow-up study, it is impossible to determine the long-term outcome.
The book Natural Causes describes what happened after Weil's Web site persuaded Sue Gilliatt of Indianapolis, Indiana to use bloodroot products. According to the book, her primary care physician removed a bump on her nose that was diagnosed as a benign tumor called a fibroadenoma. But Gilliatt feared that it was cancerous and, even though she was given a referral to a dermatologist, wound up buying Cansema from the Alpha Omega Alpha Web site and a bloodroot paste from Dan Raber. The Cancema stung so badly that she was unable to keep in on for the recommended 24 hours and applied Raber's paste instead. Within a few hours after she applied it to her nose, her face became puffy and her eyes were nearly swollen shut. Instead of consulting her doctor, she phoned Raber who persuaded her to apply more paste. Six days later, when she had her appointment with the dermatologist, a large part of her nose had been destroyed.
Gail Bumpus, of Singer Island, Florida, was the victim of 84-year-old Jerome Craft, M.D., a board-certified plastic surgeon who advertised in the Yellow Pages as a specialist in cancer and burns. In 2005, she consulted him about possible surgery for excess skin under her nose. During the first two visits, without taking a biopsy, Craft said that she had extensive cancer in the nose and that a black salve that he had invented would remove the cancer without leaving any scars. After the salve was applied, her nose became extremely painful and her face swelled "like a pumpkin." Although an emergency room physician advised hospitalization, Craft talked her into remaining under his care for ten more days, during which time she experienced excruciating pain but was reassured that she would be fine. When she finally returned

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 121 source=c4 split=train =====
It could actually add a lot wanted insulation to the entrance of your home. You will lose much much less heat through your entrance door, and additionally, you will not lose as much warmth when your entrance door is opened if you open it into an enclosed porch.
It may improve security. Toughened glass and an additional secure door can provide you peace of mind and real security. By no means depart something valuable in a porch though.
It can give you extra space. A spot to hang coats, leave wet shoes, and even put your tumble dryer.
It might probably improve the worth of your home and make it more saleable.
It can give you further privacy. If you happen to open your entrance door to someone you do not know, you do not really need them seeing into your home. A porch may also help with this problem.
It can enhance the looks of your house. A nicely-designed porch can be very enticing and may add visual interest to the front of your property.
So you’ve decided you would like to set up a double glazed porch. What do it’s worthwhile to take into account? Get in touch with Pete Rowe Building Services.
1.	If you’re in a conservation space, then you will not be prone to get permission for a porch. Be sure that there are no restrictions on building one.
2.	Size. For instance, when you park a automobile at the front of your own home, make sure you go away enough space for the automotive to be parked after the porch is installed. Some people really fail to take this into consideration!
3.	Finding a reliable contractor. This is very important. A porch needs to be professionally installed, and must adjust to Building Regulations. Get costs from several firms, ask for references, or ask friends, households or neighbours to advocate a company.
4.	Do not be pressured into signing an agreement immediately. Although double glazing gross sales strategies should not as high stress as they was, you will usually get better deals if you store around and wait a while. Any company that pressures you into signing an settlement immediately is unethical at best.
5.	Look carefully at the types which might be available. Some are half glazed and a few are totally glazed. The roof shape may also be important. Additionally, you will be able to choose the size, form, glass type and colour. Don’t forget to decide on safe locks and enticing door furniture to boost the new addition to your home even more.
A double glazed porch can actually enhance your private home and it is something you must actually take into account as an investment.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 122 source=c4 split=train =====
On the drive home Thursday evening, we somehow got onto the topic of purberty. I do not know what precluded this conversation or how we got there. Like the conversations where my son refers to being homesexual, it just seems to happen. So we're talking about purberty. Jimmy figures he'll get a dig into Nora and says to her: "You don't know what you're talking about Nora, you haven't even hit purberty yet." She replies (without missing a beat), "Yeah, for all you know I'm wearing a tampon right now". Jimmy covered his ears and started screaming. That'll learn ya Jimmy not to mess with your sister.
I was suffering from the wine flu earlier in the week and agreed to babysit my two nephews TODAY. I had forgotten (or blocked it) all about this until my SIL called last night to tell me they will be dropping the boys off today at 9:00 am. That's right folk, 9:00 am. My kids are older, there's no need for me to be up and about at such an ungodly hour on the weekends. The boys sleep till noon anyway and Nora is quite self-sufficient. Oh, did I mention I agreed to keep their hound from hell adorable 7 month puppy too? I was obviously suffering from a temporary mental breakdown. This is the same dog that required me to loan brother and SIL $1400 two months ago, so they could remove the obstruction from his bowel. He had eaten the styrofoam tray from the garbage. Pretty sure he's not going to survive his day with Auntie Dual Mom.
So here I am. Waiting for the invasion of my home. First they'll want to wake my boys up because all the good stuff is in the boys' room. Now, my boys are teenagers. On the weekends, bedtime is whenever they fall asleep with the xbox controler in their hand, drool running down the side of their mouth because their minds are numb from playing video games. Chances are they're not going to appreciate two energetic little boys and their hound from hell waking them at 9:00am. Will I prevent this from happening? Nahh I'll consider it good solid entertainment, I'm just that type of Mom. Then my boys will be forced to entertain these two little boys for the next three hours. The little ones will have unrelenting questions about the games Jimmy and Monty are playing. They'll nag the boys to play with them, they'll ask, and ask, and ask, until finally my boys throw up their arms in defeat and agree to play with the little ones. heheheh Throw the hound from hell into the mix eating socks from their bedroom floor and it should make for an all around exciting day.
Nora is at this very moment cleaning their bathroom. I did not ask her to do this. I heart my daughter.
I just realized I haven't used the f word once in this post. Miracles do happen.
Awww. I babysit my 3 yr old niece on weekdays, and she's just the sweetest little thing. However, her 6 yr old sister has the heart and snails and puppy dog tails of a boy. When I have her on days when there is no school, it's WILD.
Funny how I have the exact same reaction as Jimmy when someone says the word "tampon." I much prefer tampoon, thank you very much.
I hope everyone survived the babysitting experiment!
That sounded like it was a fun filled day waiting to happen. I heart Nora too... I would have NEVER done that for my brothers without my father dragging me to their bathroom kicking and screaming!
We all survived the babysitting debacle. Though I'm not sure if bro will ever ask me to babysit again, I let his kids play video games all day, fed them junk food,let them stay up waaayyyy late and showed the dog that people food is really a whole lot tastier than dog food. Isn't that what aunts are for?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 123 source=c4 split=train =====
Being a member of CORBA/IMBA has many benefits. Below is a list of bike shops and other businesses that give discounts to CORBA/IMBA members. To see a full list of member benefits, please visit our Join CORBA/IMBA page.
2370 Unit-A East Las Posas Rd.
Lifetime tune ups on any new bike purchase.
Inquire to membership@corbamtb.com for promotion code.
Discount does not apply to already marked down club/team pricing or sale items.
If you would like to attract mountain bikers to your store and help promote mountain biking in general, fill out and return our Retail Partner Form!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 124 source=c4 split=train =====
The procession of string quartets to South County concert venues continued last Tuesday with a concert by the Tesla String Quartet. They chose a classic program: Bartók’s Third Quartet of 1927 was flanked by early and middle period quartets of Beethoven.
Founded at New York’s Juilliard School in 2008, the Teslas quickly began to attract awards, including both Banff and Fischoff. Last summer, they received the John Lad Prize at Stanford University, which carries with it an appearance on the Stanford Live series. They are currently artists-in-residence in Hickory, N.C., and recently completed their first CD, to be released soon. Their name comes from the Serbian inventor Nikola Tesla, specifically his observation that “we are held together, like the stars in the firmament, with ties inseparable,” which ties are understood to be music.
They were well placed on the floor of the Flagler’s Music Room. The ensemble sound was achieved on these instruments: First violin Ross Snyder’s was made in 1937 by the Canadian luthier Joseph Rashid on loan from the Joseph Rashid Foundation; second violin Michelle Lie played an early 18th-century instrument of unknown origin, likely French, with a doubtful attribution to Giovanni Grancino in 1698. Edwin Kaplan’s viola was made for him in 2006 by the New York-based luthier Andrius J. Faruolo; Serafim Smigelskiy played a cello made in China in 2016 by Yan-Bing Chen.
Regardless of their pedigrees, or lack of them, the instruments combined to produce a suave collective sonority that not only was well-focused for the audience but also resounded through the room’s reverberant surroundings, without obscuring the musical textures.
Beethoven’s Quartet in No. 2 (in G, Op. 18, No. 2) opened the program. Of the six quartets in the set Beethoven published in 1801, it may be the earliest. It certainly is suffused with the spirit of the 18th century. Even the scherzo, Beethoven’s innovation in the genre, is more well-mannered than in the other five. Sometimes known in Europe as the Compliments Quartet, its four movements were played with suitable lyricism and vigor according to the progress of the music.
Béla Bartók’s Third String Quartet (Sz. 85) has been alternately thrilling and annoying listeners since its London premiere in 1929. It is a ferociously concentrated musical statement, a single movement comprised of two parts, with little about it that seems conventionally beautiful. Its strong dissonance and rhythmic outbursts have an intense energy heralding an entirely new way of listening (pioneered in the orchestra by Stravinsky).
On the other hand, the work is a riot of color, calling for such bowing effects as col legno (playing the string with the stick of the bow), sul ponticello (playing near the bridge), martellato (short “hammered” strokes), and others. Bartók also asks often for the players to bow con tutta la lunghezza dell’arco (full bow strokes on single notes or short phrases) and powerful upward and downward glissandi that sound like portamento gone mad. The Tesla made it the centerpiece of the program, performing with brilliant virtuosity and never a false step from first note to last. Their residency with the Takács Quartet from 2009-12 was obviously well-spent.
After intermission, I noticed some empty seats that earlier were occupied, a mute testament to the Bartók Third’s power to unsettle audiences for almost 90 years. Beethoven’s Quartet No. 10 (in E-flat, Op. 74) was the concluding work. In 1809, Beethoven’s life was troubled, but the amiable mien of this quartet does not suggest it. It does contain an innovation that led later in the century to its nickname of “Harp,” namely, a series of pizzicati heard throughout the opening Allegro. They sound nothing at all like a harp, and might seem more like a guitar to some, but the name has stuck.
Beethoven may not have been the first to mark pizzicati in a string quartet but the effect was as startling at the premiere in 1811 as the bowing techniques called for by Bartók in his Third Quartet. The other innovations in this work are in its final two movements, which demand a high level of technical skill. The scherzo third movement is in fact an enlarged Presto, another example of Beethoven’s expansion of form, and a finale that begins Allegretto con variazioni ends in a furious Allegro.
Despite a good account of the first two movements, I felt that the Presto was often played too fast to permit clean articulation. Passages marked Più presto quasi prestissimo became a blur in which the dotted half-note motive did not have its proper value. Similarly, the variations theme of the finale was played with little regard for its innate humor, and, later, at un poco più vivace, the articulation between eighth notes and triplet eighths was muddy and lacked delicacy.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 125 source=c4 split=train =====
“Malaysia is Russia’s long-time partner in the area of military and technical cooperation, which has amounted in the volume of 2 billion US dollar over the past 25 years. Nowadays, the relationship between our countries is developing in a steadfast manner and has strong prospects for the future progress. Rosoboronexport is working actively on various strands, including the supplies of Russian-made final products, after-sales service and modernization of the combat aviation equipment, which has been previously supplied to Malaysia. We are going to organize a number of events at the LIMA 2019 exhibition, which will be aimed at the intensification of our cooperation with the Ministry of Defence and other law-enforcement agencies of the country,” said Rosoboronexport’s Director General Alexander Mikheev.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 126 source=c4 split=train =====
Rio de Janeiro, Apr 13 (efe-epa).- The death toll from the collapse of a pair of four-story residential buildings in a militia-controlled neighborhood of this southeastern Brazilian metropolis climbed to seven on Saturday, authorities said.
Rescue teams, meanwhile, are continuing to search for a dozen people who remain missing in the wake of Friday's tragedy.
Around 100 firefighters have been sifting through the wreckage of the collapsed buildings in a neighborhood on Rio de Janeiro's west side known as Muzema in hopes of finding more survivors.
The two buildings that collapsed on Friday were unlicensed, shoddily built constructions located in a difficult-to-access district controlled by militias, according to Rio de Janeiro's mayor's office, which warned that 30 other buildings in that area are in a similar condition.
Area residents say the militias - criminal organizations made up of corrupt current and former police officers that control various parts of this metropolis of nearly 7 million people - seize plots of land in Muzema and build residences that they subsequently sell illegally.
The Muzema neighborhood is located near Rio das Pedras, a favela (shantytown) on Rio's west side where the militias first emerged and continue to hold the most sway.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 127 source=c4 split=train =====
In our Real Good series, we go beyond the job description to look at the good work Antenna consultants and employees do in their communities after hours. Today, we’re highlighting Antenna consultant Donna.
Antenna consultant Donna Balitz is an experienced project manager, but it’s her work after hours that’s most impressive. In recent years, Donna and her family have faced tough diagnoses. One of her twin sons has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, while the other has generalized anxiety disorder. To learn more about how to advocate for her sons, she got involved with the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) Minnesota, a national organization whose mission is to advocate for the mentally ill.
She’s now a Family-to-Family instructor with the organization. Working as a consultant gives her the flexibility to help other families who are living with mental illness. “If sharing my story and taking time to teach the class has helped even one person, then I’ve done something good. I’ve in some way helped them to find the resources they need,” she says.
Donna got involved with the Family-to-Family course to help continually educate herself, as the amount of information about mental illness can feel overwhelming. The 12-week course takes two and a half hours per week and is designed for family members or close friends of people living with a mental illness.
Donna and her daughter first took the class in 2012. “We took the class because it was very apparent to us that living in isolation with two sons and brothers living with mental illness wasn’t doing us any good,” she says. The free class is not meant to be a support group, but an educational course that can provide resources to get through different situations with their loved ones. “The class runs the gamut from ‘this is what mental illness is’ to symptoms, to what the loved one is feeling when affected by symptoms, medications and side effects, how medications help over time, and how to find a doctor,” she says.
In an effort to retain that knowledge and help others, Donna and her daughter decided to teach the class together. At the time, Donna’s daughter applied to be on the state advisory council on mental health. She was appointed by the governor to the council after college and is now chair.
Donna has taught the class twice and is planning on leading it again a third time. In addition, she’s organized a team the past four years to raise funds in support of NAMI’s programs through the NAMI Walks event each September.
The class helped Donna and her family better understand what was going on in her son’s brain. “Living with someone who’s bipolar, when their behaviors change, you don’t know whether to attribute it to their mental health or an external factor,” she says. In addition, the class provided direction on where and how to get help, such as a support group for herself and a therapist or psychiatrist for her son.
Donna was previously an employee for a large corporation, and made the switch to consulting several years ago. Now, she’s an Antenna consultant on assignment back at the same company, and she says the difference between working as an employee and working as a consultant is fairly distinct. “I have a commitment to doing the best job and completing projects I’ve been assigned, but I feel as though I have additional time,” she says. She’s allotted a certain number of hours a week, but has some flexibility around how she spends those hours, as long as she completes her projects.
For more information on the NAMI Family-to-Family program, click here.
If you or anyone you know would like immediate support with mental illness, please contact the National Suicide Prevention LifeLine at 1-800-273-TALK (8255). If you're in Minnesota you can find more local resources on the NAMI Crisis Resources page.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 128 source=c4 split=train =====
My Montreal-based tech-entrepreneur friend Evan Prodromou has behind the launch of several companies, including his current one, fuzzy.ai.
Evan's also a married dad of two. Additionally, he says he spends three to five hours a week helping friends, or friends of friends, with their business. It's safe to say that he's a busy guy.
To help manage his schedule, he's made it possible to buy (and sell) his time by creating EvanCoin, his own personal cryptocurrency.
As of October 1, the date of Evancoin’s initial coin offering (ICO), you can ask him for some Evancoin. He’ll probably give you some. Then you can use these tokens by “paying” for his time with them.
It's a little complicated to get some EvanCoin (at least to me it is) but if you're interested, check out the process here.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 129 source=c4 split=train =====
ANC veteran and father of journalist Karima Brown, Achmat Semaar, passed away at the age of 72 on Monday.
Western Cape ANC spokesperson Dennis Cruywagen announced Semaar's passing in a statement on Monday night.
"It is with great sadness that we wish to announce the passing of one of our most dedicated, respected and loved members," Cruywagen said.
"A father of six children and grandfather to 14, he was an activist for most of his life and never lived far from or stopped caring and fighting for the ordinary people."
Brown said: "My father was an activist all his life. He was always involved with ordinary people. He was a father to many and was incredible. If he did not work for the ANC he would have died."
In saluting Semaar, ANC Western Cape secretary Faiez Jacobs said: "Achmat Semaar was a giant in Mitchells Plain. He made an impact on so many lives and was a father to hundreds of young people who were persecuted, arrested, tortured or hunted by the apartheid state.
"In the time known as the struggle, he was a beacon of light, a voice that comforted and brought help. He made it his business to care for detainees and their families and made sure that they were not forgotten. Truly he was one of our greatest sons."
Cruywagen told News24 on Tuesday that Semaar was one of the greatest unsung heroes of the struggle against apartheid.
"The ANC will consult the Semaar family about a memorial service for this great servant of the people," he said.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 130 source=c4 split=train =====
Avnet, a global technology distributor, announced its IoTConnect cloud-based software platform and a portfolio of smart, market-ready connectivity solutions built around the platform to help organizations jump-start development of IoT-enabled systems and services.
The highly scalable IoTConnect platform utilizes Microsoft’s enterprise-grade Azure hybrid cloud computing service to enable the seamless distribution and analysis of data across cloud and on-premise systems. Azure’s powerful security and connectivity protocols give IoTConnect users the flexibility to develop and deploy apps and solutions using their choice of tools, applications and frameworks.
In collaboration with 14 leading suppliers across its comprehensive IoT partner ecosystem, Avnet has also developed a broad selection of smart, market-ready connectivity solutions that leverage the IoTConnect platform to tackle business challenges common to many industry verticals, including manufacturing, medical, environmental, construction, retail, food processing and smart city. These digital solutions - Smart Factory, Smart Asset Monitoring, Smart Connected Worker, Smart Building, Smart Healthcare, Smart Retail, Smart Office, Smart Fleet Management and Smart Warehouse – can be deployed out of the box or tailored to meet segment-specific requirements. Avnet’s smart solutions combine advanced software capability with state-of-the-art silicon component technologies to transform real-time operational data into insightful information enabling more informed, strategic decision making.
Built on Azure services, Avnet’s IoTConnect platform and its new Smart Industry solutions, include powerful analytics, cognitive services, artificial intelligence and machine learning. The Avnet connected ecosystem, which includes Avnet.com, Hackster.io, element14 and Hardware Studio, supports more than two million customers driving IoT innovation around the world. Avnet is also a member of the IoT M2M Council (IMC), the largest and fastest-growing trade group dedicated to the IoT sector.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 131 source=c4 split=train =====
What are Advanced Glycation End Products or AGEs?
Advanced Glycation End (AGE) product crosslinking is a naturally occurring physiological phenomena. Many pathological states implicated in age related diseases increase the degree and rate of crosslinking and as such present a challenge to maximizing health and lifespan. AGE crosslinks are formed when binding occurs between sugars (e.g glucose) and lipids or proteins in the intracellular and extra cellular matrix. This affects nearly every cell in the body.
While crosslinking is a natural and necessary physiological process, excessive binding results in cell stiffening which results in them becoming more susceptible to damage and premature ageing. AGE crosslinking has been predominantly studied for its involvement in specific disease models (e.g cardiovascular disease mortality and diabetes) however, it has also been proposed by the anti-aging community as one of the main causes of degenerative aging and senescence (Aubrey De Grey and the SENS Research Foundation).
What Damage do Advanced Glycation End Products cause?
Formation of advanced glycation end product crosslinking in collagen has been suggested as a causative factor in vascular stiffening. Healthy vascular endothelium, a membrane that lines the inside of the heart and blood vessels that release substances which controls vascular contractions and relaxation as well as enzymes which control our blood clotting, immune function and other roles, are necessary in prevention of atherosclerosis, acting as a critical protective barrier for leukocyte transmigration into the intima (the inner most layer of the endothelial cells in our veins and arteries, in direct contact with blood flow) and cholesterol accumulation.
Leukocytes, which are our white blood cells, are necessary for our immune response or ‘inflammatory response’, however an over reaction leads to damaging excess inflammation. Accumulation of AGEs leads to these endothelium to stiffen, increasing permeability- basically making bigger holes in our bodies ‘strainer’, and increased transmigration basically means an increase in the white blood cells leading to inflammation making it through our entire body/system. In other words, our body reacts as it should, but part of our system isn’t functioning properly, leading to a potentially massive over reaction and excess inflammation which can lead to the majority of health issues.
In a cause-effect cyclical nature, AGEs can both be caused by and lead to excesses in oxidative stress, and as well both require ROS to be formed and produce them during formation. Chronically elevated AGEs have been shown to be potent suppressors of NAD+, a molecule becoming increasingly more popular in antiaging research, in part by reducing Nicotinamide phosphoribosyltransferase leading to SIRT1 depletion.
Decreased SIRT1 levels lead to excess activation of NF-kB p65 and increased transcription of inflammatory genes such as TNF-alpha contributing to insulin resistance. As many of you know, SIRT1 activation has shown to extend lifespan in mice, and resveratrol’s original claim to fame is that it is a SIRT1 activator(as are other substances, such as Molecular Hydrogen which has shown to both activate SIRT1 and protect against damages which would otherwise lead to depletion).
So, let’s take a tally. Elevated AGEs have been shown to increase oxidative stress, lead to excessive and chronic inflammation, lowers SIRT1 and NAD+ levels, increases cholesterol and increases insulin resistance? The last part which would ironically lead to a faster accumulation of the very thing causing these problems, AGEs? Yeesh. Talk about a full-blown assault on our health.
AGEs have also been suggested as a causative factor of sarcopenia, the loss of muscle mass and weakening of muscles in the elderly, which further leads to a decrease in healthspan. Although not currently supported by research- as no study on the subject exists- I have hypothesized that early AGE formation is a factor in an increase in muscle tears in athletes as they approach their late 20s, 30s and into their 40s. Why have you probably not have heard of them? Because after 2 decades of study we have no drug candidates for aiding in them, and no single natural compound has a significant enough effect. We will get to this more in the next paragraph, as well as the next two parts in this three part series.
Despite the growing body of evidence regarding the catastrophic consequences of excessive AGE formation, AGEs have shown to be a poorly understood area of biology with no approved drugs or candidates showing promise with breaking down glucosepane emerging after 21 years of study. To date, no experimental drug or enzyme has been shown to break glucosepane in vitro, prevalent in levels 10 to 10,000x any other AGE. Drug candidates such as aminoguanidine and alagebrium have shown to be less effective than some of the natural compounds we will write about in the next part of this series.
In addition to in vivo production, AGEs can also be found in cigarettes and in foods. The curing of tobacco leaves has been proposed as the source for compounds that can readily increase in vivo AGEs. Cerami et al. found that glycotoxins from cigarettes are inhaled into the alveoli, and then they are transported to blood stream or to lung cells where they can interact with other glycation products and contribute with AGEs formation .
Heat has been used for treatment of foods to improve their safety, bioavailability and taste. In addition to these positive effects, overheating of foods can also provoke protein degradation and other deteriorative reactions . Heat treatment in some foods results in promotion of the Maillard reaction, which adds desirable flavor, color and aroma. In the food industry, the Maillard reaction has been used for caramel production, coffee roasting, and bread baking among others. Some products of the Maillard reaction can be added to industrialized products such as sodas and juices . There is growing evidence that the average Western diet is a plentiful source of exogenous AGEs. The AGEs content of a diet depends on the nutrient composition (foods rich in protein and fat have the highest content) and on the way food is processed [49,50]. AGEs formation can be rapidly accelerated by increasing the time and degree of exposure to heat and can be introduced into the body in heat–processed foods [47,49,50]. These findings were demonstrated using an AGE-specific, enzyme–linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), and it was estimated that ≈10% of ingested immunoreactive AGEs are transported into circulation, two-thirds of which remain in the body, and are incorporated covalently in tissues. Only one third is excreted via the kidneys .
AGE accumulation is a big problem, and for now there is no clear-cut solution.Whether your diet is full of sugars and AGEs form endogenously, or rich in cooked fat and proteins and added exogenously, they will build up in your system over time. A full arsenal of defenses is needed to stave off the effects for as long as possible. Hopefully the research will reveal more strategies in the near future. In our next 2 parts we will talk about the known available compounds that have shown promise in combating some AGE formation, or in assisting in protecting against their damages.
 Singh VP, Bali A, Singh N, Jaggi AS. Advanced Glycation End Products and Diabetic Complications. The Korean Journal of Physiology & Pharmacology : Official Journal of the Korean Physiological Society and the Korean Society of Pharmacology. 2014;18(1):1-14. doi:10.4196/kjpp.2014.18.1.1.
 Huynh J, Nishimura N, Rana K, et al. Age-Related Intimal Stiffening Enhances Endothelial Permeability and Leukocyte Transmigration. Science translational medicine. 2011;3(112):112ra122. doi:10.1126/scitranslmed.3002761.
 Nowotny K, Jung T, Höhn A, Weber D, Grune T. Advanced Glycation End Products and Oxidative Stress in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. Breitenbach M, Eckl P, eds. Biomolecules. 2015;5(1):194-222. doi:10.3390/biom5010194.
 Vlassara H, Uribarri J. Advanced Glycation End Products (AGE) and Diabetes: Cause, Effect, or Both? Current

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 132 source=c4 split=train =====
How Will I Know If My Garage Door Needs Replacement or Not?
If you are unsure whether or not your overhead door needs a replacement, the experts at Garage door fixing Canada are here to assist you: http://clevelandohgaragedoorpros.com/ Does Your Garage Door Need a Makeover? If your door has dents, it is faded or the paint is peeling, then it could be asking you for a remodeling.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 133 source=c4 split=train =====
RED is dedicated to providing reliable resources for autonomous collective education in the deep and rich history of the radical Left, as well as in the power struggles that define the contemporary world. To this end, we have begun developing RED Resources, based on the general categories below. If you would like to contribute ideas, please do not hesitate to contact us.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 134 source=c4 split=train =====
Going to apologise at the start here for lack of photos in this blog. It’s practically neaderthal and well I’m SORRY! But here’s a photo of a Neanderthal man to stress that I know and again I’M SORRY and while you’re reading this I’m halfway up a hill in the Scottish Borders filming men flying around a circuit in Land Rovers. Stay warm for me!
Went here at the weekend with the man friend, checked in super late as he’s an out of Edinburgh towner and there were some issues with trains, but although we were late we still received a warm welcome from the lovely receptionist.
Check in was easy and we went to our room, (all good MacDonald fayre, beds, towels, showers etc), chucked our bags into a corner and headed to the hotel bar.
The bar stocked a good range of Gin and it was good after the short drive down from Edinburgh to sip one. The bar was maybe a little bit quiet as i’m like an excited puppy on most occasions and can stick out in these places with my cockney ‘charms’.
As part of the deal I had booked, ( Yes I booked! Reeks of keeper doesn’t it?!) there was use of the Spa facilities and a treatment each. I’d opted for massages because who doesn’t love a massage right? Turns out i’d messed up timings, who doesn’t love a mess up though right?!, and instead with a gift certificate in hand to return another day for these, we headed to the Spa facilities.
The spa was great but first, let me digress a little….
Back in the day when I moved to Edinburgh, my first job was a Fitness Instructor at Edinburgh’s Roxburghe Hotel. It was a great job with a really fab bunch of dudes that I’m still friendly with today. Because of that lovely time in my life, I’m a big fan of MacDonald hotels. Another perk, as a staff member, I got a great discount on their hotels, one that I used a fair amount. As a Londoner who gets a little bit nervous and excited by the countryside, traveling to these out of town hotels with the fam was always pretty cool, I adore mini adventures. Chucking on the Barbour and heading into the hills to get muddy was ultimately quite fun.
I’d been aware of the Marine Hotel at North Berwick for ages but never ventured down. My bad. Seriously. I liked it. Maybe more as a place to go with the Fam, or the girls, although the man friend did well in such a female orientated place. But would he go again? I’m not so sure.
The Spa staff were so awesome and welcoming, I wish I could find a better word than awesome, but it fits perfectly. The spa here is an Elemis spa, I adore Elemis. Can’t rate the staff highly enough, they were helpful, considerate and definitely the best spa staff i’ve ever encountered. The spa consists of a swimming pool, a thermal pool, where you can sit outside or inside, two different types of sauna and two different types of steam, an icy shower, an experience shower and actual real ice if you are in the habit of chucking ice over yourself. Well it would be rude to not at least pour some cold water over your man friend! I did. He did. We lolled.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 135 source=c4 split=train =====
An elementary teacher from the "beer village" of Andechs is bored by his life and his dull marriage and dreams of running away with a famous movie actress. But until his long-lived dream will come true, he numbs himself with excessive beer drinking and an affair with the waitress of an inn. But when his longed for actress finally arrives in Andechs, the teacher to his big disappointment learns that he and the actress do not have anything in common. Bereft of his one aim in life, he starts to provoke his wife until she finally stabs him to death in an act of jealously.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 136 source=c4 split=train =====
The Pathology & Soil Science LIVE area will allow visitors to look in detail at the symptoms of some common turfgrass fungal disease problems, as infected plants are magnified and displayed on a large screen.
The Pathology & Soil Science LIVE area will allow visitors to look in detail at the symptoms of some common turfgrass fungal disease problems, as infected plants are magnified and displayed on a large screen. Turfgrass roots that are infected with plant parasitic nematodes will also be shown in order to demonstrate the way in which these parasites can affect root development and function. During this informal demonstration, short video clips will also be shown to allow visitors to see both fungi and plant parasitic nematodes in greater detail. Pathology & Soil Science LIVE will be hosted by renowned turf consultant Alex Vickers and MD of the Turf Disease Centre Kate Entwistle.
Kate established the Turf Disease Centre in 2000 to provide an independent analysis and information service on turfgrass pests and diseases.
Armed with a background of plant pathology, physiology and microbiology at Birmingham University and Long Ashton Research station. She achieved her first degree in 1986 and her PhD in 1995.
She currently works closely with turf managers, consultant agronomists and technical representatives from across the amenity sector, mostly in the UK and Ireland, but increasingly throughout Europe and beyond.
Alex is a popular and well-respected turf consultant within the UK’s turf industry and currently works as a consultant within the IOG’s Turf Care Advisory scheme. He previously worked with turf consultancy TGMS before his recent four-year soil science consultancy role in Uganda.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 137 source=c4 split=train =====
Vancouver, B.C. - July 30, 2013 - Westhaven Ventures Inc. (TSX-V:WHN) reports drill results from its 18,412 hectare Shovelnose gold property, located within the prospective Spences Bridge Gold Belt (SBGB), approximately 30 km south of Merritt, British Columbia. The drill program consisted of 6 holes, totaling 1043 metres (3,422 feet) of diamond drilling.
The purpose of this work program was to further expand and outline the extent of the newly recognized epithermal gold system present on the property. Limited drilling to date has outlined an area of gold-silver mineralization which continues to be expanded in areal extent to at least two kilometres long east-west and 100 metres north-south and is open in all directions. To date Westhaven and optionor Strongbow Exploration Inc. have found high grade float grading up to 119 g/t Au (Gold) and 273 g/t Ag (Silver), high grade veins in trenching up to 66 g/t Au and wide low grade alteration zones typical of epithermal gold deposits.
Results have expanded a highly anomalous silicified zone or cap discovered last year when a sub horizontal near surface zone, grading 0.54 g/t Au and 4.77 g/t Ag over 50 metres was intersected. This season’s drilling has intersected similarly anomalous gold over similar widths 80 metres to the south. The most notable hole in this area was SN13-06 which intersected 50 metres grading 0.24 g/t Au and 2.32 g/t Ag, including 27.0 metres grading 0.35 g/t Au and 3.21 g/t Ag. Other holes drilled into this widespread silicified area were also very anomalous over similar thicknesses.
Gren Thomas, Westhaven's President & CEO, stated, “The next phase of work will endeavour to further extend the area covered by this auriferous silica cap with a view to finding the feeder to the system which could lead to the discovery of higher grade material often associated with it. ”This work program will include geological mapping, geochemistry, geophysics and diamond drilling. Other targets on the property will be examined to determine the extents of the alteration and gold mineralization.
To date, 20 drill holes (2 were abandoned in overburden) have been diamond drilled for a cumulative total of 2,427 metres, in three separate target areas. Gold and silver mineralization, associated with quartz veining and silicification, has been encountered in all 18 holes. In addition, there is evidence of a significant mineralized alteration system within the property.
L. John Peters, P.Geo., who is a Qualified Person within the context of National Instrument 43-101 has read and takes responsibility for this release. Core samples were analyzed for a 36-element suite using aqua regia digestion followed by ICP-MS analyses. Preparation at Acme Analytical Laboratories Ltd. involves crushing each sample to 80% passing a 10 mesh (2 mm) screen. A 250 g split is then pulverized to 85% passing a 200 mesh (74 ?m) screen and a 15g sample split from the prepared pulp was used for the analysis. All results greater than 100 ppb gold were reanalysed by Acme using their (G601) Fire Assay with an AAS finish. A QA/QC program included the lab and field standards.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 138 source=c4 split=train =====
Pegasus. Pegasus, the winged horse. HD Wallpaper and background images in the Greek Mythology club tagged: creature.
Is a pegases good or bad? I forgot!!!
Pegasus is fierce but not evil. e is basically like any other free roaming horse, but brilliant white and with wings, and also having an abnormal birth!
I wonder how Medusa give him\her birth..
I wish I had a Pegasus!
@ysadragon... to have Pegasus (there is only one such horse), you must be able to tame him...he is extremely wild!
There is only one immortal Pegasus. The others are mortal.
no Rickfan... there is only ONE Pegasus; no more.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 139 source=c4 split=train =====
Dr. Oz has become so popular that almost everyone knows about him. The world knows that he is fond of calling certain natural products as a magic formula, fountain of youth stored in a bottle, or as miracle diet pills. However, Dr. Oz is alienated from the people in the medical community because of his claims that are lacking in sufficient clinical evidence.
In particular, experts who staunchly support empirical evidence-based and time-honored science are against him. They argue that it is only mere speculation if any clinical effectiveness claim is not proven using a placebo-controlled and highly-randomized clinical trial. There should be an accounting of extraneous variables and must be treated dutifully. With these, does it mean that Dr. Oz is a false doctor because he believes in anecdotal and folkloric healthcare practices and not in medicine that is science-based?
To defend his side, Dr. Oz said that he values and respects science. However, there are just things that cannot be explained by science up to now. This is maybe because we don’t have yet the appropriate tools to explain and measure the unexplainable things that must be assessed in a research or clinical study.
There is also the possibility that we have a wrong understanding of the function of these substances. Then, he also argued that if there is failure on the part of science to convince the whole world that miracle weight loss pills are not effective, does it mean that the civilizations before us are all wrong when they used natural substances not just to lose weight but also to treat and manage several health conditions?
After his arguments, Dr. Oz revealed that he has witnessed the wonderful effects firsthand because his family is using the said products. This is the very reason why he claims that such natural pills for weight loss are miracle or wonder pills. It is clear, that, Dr. Oz learned from experience in determining which ones don’t work and which ones do. On our part, we firmly believe that this is the way we behave towards the things we use in previous generations to as far as we can remember.
Are you the person who only believes in scientific evidence? Or are you also a believer of individuals like Dr. Oz? Though there are a lot of things that we have yet to learn about the said natural substances, we can still choose to believe Dr. Oz because the products worked for the members of his family. With that, there is a compelling reason to believe him more than the researchers who do clinical studies.
We won’t prolong your excitement. Here is the list of the 5 natural pills for weight loss, which Dr. Oz highly recommends. Again, his recommendation is based on how these pills affected and benefited his family.
Produced through extraction of the Indian Coleus forskohlii, this pill has shown benefits for weight loss because it has the ability to regulate c-AMP or cyclic adenosine monophosphate. It was successfully shown that forskolin is able to activate adenylate cyclase, an enzyme that is associated with the thyroid gland’s stimulation to produce and release T3 or triiodothyronine and T4 or tetraiodothyronine. Thyroid hormones have the primary function of increasing the body’s metabolic rate.
When there is increased rate of metabolism of the body, there is also increased biochemical and physiologic processes. An increase in the amount of energy is required for all of these. The amount of energy is based on the amount of food that we eat. Though we can take foods that have high caloric value, it will require more time before the molecules are converted into a chemical form of energy.
The cells will have to wait depending on the length of time. While waiting, they will use the stored fat cells to have energy. Each gram of fat is filled with the highest energy concentration as compared to other macronutrients. A gram of protein and carbohydrates both have 4 calories respectively while a gram of fat has 9 calories.
Forskolin is able to increase the body’s metabolic rate when it stimulates the increase in production of thyroid hormone, which happens when adenylate cyclase acts. This simply means that forskolin helps in increasing the body’s capacity to process numerous things. The whole process requires a lot of energy. The skin’s subcutaneous region, specifically those between the underlying muscles and dermis, and the abdominal cavity, particularly its inner lining, are the areas where there are stored fats. These stored fats decrease when they are used to produce energy.
As it seems, forskolin is effective in removing those stored fats in your belly. However, you still have to monitor and control your consumption of fats and carbohydrates so you won’t store excess fats in your abdomen and subcutaneous region of your skin.
Prevention of glucose transformation into molecules of fat is one of Garcinia cambogia’s most dramatic effects. It happens when ATP citrate lyase is prevented from performing its function. This results to the conversion of excess glucose into glycogen, which is then stored efficiently in the muscles and liver.
Whenever you boost your body’s metabolic rate you need more energy. The brain will receive signals from the cells all over your body. The signals tell the brain that there is a need for energy. The fat cells or adipocytes are the first ones that are mobilized to address the demand. Being the primary source of energy, the fats in storage areas of the body are packed with energy good for long-term use. They have twice the capacity of carbohydrate’s energy molecules.
It is clear that Garcinia cambogia aids in weight loss because it does not allow excess carbohydrates to be converted into fat. Instead, it is converted into glycogen, which is not stored as fat molecules in your abdomen and other areas of the body. It helps in your metabolism specifically in the faster breakdown of stored fats. As the breaking down of fats happen, it also ensures that there is no excess fat being stored. As a result, there is significant reduction of the fats stored in your body.
The catch however is to also control your intake of fats and carbohydrates. This is if you really want to lose weight and keep your desired weight.
Garcinia cambogia has an additional benefit and it is its ability to produce the feeling that you are already full. It uses inter-related two distinct mechanisms to create the feeling. Hydroxycitric acid, as shown in several studies, is able to help in the stimulation of neuronal serotonin’s increased synthesis. This results to the regulation of your appetite specifically in the brain. The brain is instructed that you are full already even if you only have consumed 1 or 2 spoons of your favorite meal. This is similar to having low intake of calories, which allows you to be efficient in your efforts to lose weight. Follow this link to find out more about the side effects of Garcinia Cambogia.
The HCA’s leptin-like properties is involved in the second mechanism. The hormone is the one responsible for the instruction that there is still a lot of stored energy or stored fat and that there is no need to eat on that moment. The instruction is sent to the brain. Combined with the stimulation of serotonin, it will push you to not eat a lot. For these reasons, Garcinia cambogia is said to be one of the natural appetite suppressants.
Until now, there is no available significant amount of information about raspberry ketone. However, it is now resurging in the market because of its benefits for weight loss. Mixed results have been shown in several studies though. However, Dr. Oz is quick to emphasize the fact that those claims that belittle the wonders of raspberry ketone for weight loss are based on clinical studies that didn’t involve humans. Instead, those studies used rats.
On the other hand, Dr. Oz’s family uses the extract and they say it works and does wonders to them. How then does raspberry ketone extract work?
Well, it is claimed to have similar functions as synephrine and capsaicin. We know that capsaicin helps in elevating the core temperature of the body. This results to faster metabolism. Like in the first two natural pills, more energy

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 140 source=c4 split=train =====
Is this government a mistake?
I know what it is like to publish a mistake. Since I count having been an editor as part of how I earned a living, I know what it is like for a mistake of one kind or an other to escape everyone along the production line and you end up looking very foolish when the publication comes out.
Two dramatic examples stick in my mind. The Mirror (maybe it was still called the Sunday Mirror at that time) used to be put to bed as we used to put it quaintly, on Thursday evenings and the printed copies were ready when we came to work on Friday morning, and the paper was then sold on Saturdays.
On this particular Friday morning, I took a copy of the freshly printed Mirror and as I looked through an article written by one of our famous columnists, Gormbyie Adali Mortey, a word leapt up at me. “Our uninformed leaders…” Adali Mortey was a well-known commentator on public affairs and he did not shy from controversies or fights, but I got the uneasy feeling that he was not looking for a fight with the members of the military regime that were then ruling Ghana.
I checked the script that he had brought and discovered a stray “n” had found itself into the phrase that had leapt at me. He had written “our uniformed leaders”, and somehow a stray “n” had found its way and turned the leaders in uniform into leaders who were uninformed, who did not have much knowledge.
It could be argued that this was a real case of “the printer’s devil”, but we had to accept that the word in the published article had changed the meaning of what the writer had intended. We called Mr Adali Mortey and alerted him we had a problem and he came as fast as he could. He read the offending sentence and insisted the article could not go out in that state under his by-line. To cut a very long story short, the entire print run of The Mirror was pulped and a new one printed with the correction, in time to go on sale on Saturday morning.
I tried to argue that the uniformed men might well be so uninformed the word would pass them by. Nobody wanted to take that chance. It was a very expensive lesson.
The second incident came the day D.K. Poison won Ghana’s first world boxing title. The match had taken place late Saturday night and we had a lot of time on the Sunday to plan the dramatic big banner headline of the Daily Graphic: A WORLD TITLE AT LAST. Unfortunately the copies that hit the street eventually on Monday morning had a tame headline.
After the first runs were printed, it was noticed that the word WORLD had been misspelt and a new front page had to be designed.
I tell this tale to make the point that I have had a searing experience of being responsible for mistakes on a printed public document. I have therefore tried so very hard to be charitable about the brochure that was produced for the 59th independence anniversary celebrations last Saturday.
Unfortunately, it is impossible to find any reason to find an excuse for such an embarrassing and shambolic disaster. I was not at the ceremony at the Black Star Square and did not see the brochure. When the screen shots from the pages of the brochure started the rounds on social media, I was quite frankly incredulous and I did not want to believe that standards had fallen so abysmally as to allow the distribution of such a publication at the main celebration of our Independence anniversary.
These were not mistakes that could in any way be described as “printer’s devil”. The brochure came across more like a spoof publication and coming as it did a week or so after the President’s State of the Nation address with its drama, I had to reassure myself that this wasn’t another evidence-based performance.
The language in the brochure generally is disgraceful and would normally not be allowed in a secondary school publication. The apology issued under the hand of the Acting Director of the Information Services Department and accepting responsibility for what was termed “misrepresentations” in the brochure makes a bad situation, quite intolerable. That the “apology” was dated 12th January 2016, almost two months before the brochure came out only adds insult to injury.
I can’t make up my mind if it is the Address by H.E. Uhuru Kenyatta, President of the Republic of Ghana that I find the most revolting. Does that qualify as a misrepresentation?
What is one to make of this paragraph under the Ghana Independence title? “Ghana has a checkered but interesting history in the true sense of the word. As if by divine-designed, Ghana is strategically positioned on the equator making her the centre of the globe. And like the sun, she radiates light to all parts of the world”. Every word of this paragraph is goose-pimple inducing and puts us all to shame.
What on earth is meant by “As Africa surges like eagle into the globalised sky of the 21st century, Ghana and Kenya are strategically positioning themselves to maximise themselves for the benefit of their peoples”. And what is the meaning of “The innovated partnership is being concretised in many areas of economic trajectory, particularly trade”.
I have tried without success to find what or where the “misrepresentations” are in the sentence “Ghana is now recognised as having attained low income status in the world”.
I am certainly not in the mood to accept an apology of sorts from the Information Services Department for this large scale fraud. I hope President Mahama apologised to President Uhuru Kenyatta for him being addressed in our official brochure as the President of Ghana.
When mistakes (or maybe the correct word is “misrepresentations”) were pointed out in the President’s State of the Nation address, apologists of the President first tried to insist there was nothing wrong and then we were told every government makes mistakes. If the President had simply accepted that his State of the Nation address contained inaccuracies, and had proceeded to call to order the officials who had given him the wrong information, the humiliation of the Independence anniversary brochure would have been avoided.
The President has an opportunity to try and salvage a modicum of honour from this disaster. The Chairman of the anniversary celebrations has been reported as saying that an official from the office of the President, Mr Stan Dogbe, was responsible for the brochure. The President should tell us if that is a fact.
Then the President might want to tell us how much it cost to print the brochure and who got the contract. Then we might discover who signed off and gave the go-ahead for the printing.
I would want to be told at which stage the presidential staffers discovered that the printed brochure was rubbish. I would like to know why copies of the brochure were distributed and not quietly taken away and pulped?
If these are mistakes and/or misrepresentations we are expected to accept in official documents, I will have to conclude that the entire set-up, the government as a whole, is a sad mistake.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 141 source=c4 split=train =====
Extremely vivid " butterfliers lingers over flowers("Die Lian Hua) " painting on the tea cup.
Die Lian Hua is a very poetry image in China, which is loved and re-composed many poets in different dynasties. Die Lian Hua mainly describes a sentimental & sad picture in poetry, which uses the happy, lovely butterflies lingering over flowers picture to embody the poet's opposite inner deep sad & sentimental feeling.
This price is for one cup only.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 142 source=c4 split=train =====
The auto industry is undergoing unprecedented change. The standard 4-wheel + internal combustion engine vehicle is no more. Cars are becoming smarter, and consumers are demanding more from them. Mobility providers (Uber and Lyft), speciality Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs) (Tesla), and tech giants are increasing the competitiveness and complexity of the automotive market.
Faced with new entrants and disruptive business models, the auto industry and leading OEMs are evolving. OEMs are reimagining their products to keep up with the market and to change the role of the car in a consumer’s life. They are thinking beyond ‘the car’ and are looking to engage customers in new and elevated ways. In this process, some are outsourcing innovation and acquiring technology suppliers.
TribalScale is working with major international OEMs to create a new era of mobility. Harnessing our technical expertise, we’re developing products and working in emerging tech (AI, ML, and Voice connectivity) to enhance the connected auto experience, and to provide users with a unique, engaging, and safe in-vehicle journey. There are three major disruptions facing the auto industry: connected, autonomous, and service models.
Automotive does not exist in a vacuum and the expectation of connectivity extends to traditionally “dumb” devices. Globally, consumers are looking for advanced, connected vehicle solutions. What is a connected vehicle solution? Connected mobility enhances the driving experience through technology and in-vehicle devices that are connected to the driver, and to external devices and services. The connected car is able to optimize its own operations and maintenance, while delivering convenience and comfort to passengers.
Imagine: you turn on your car, your heat, and input your destination through the GPS, all well before you’re ready to step outside. While driving, you can use your voice to activate apps and services that will allow you to find and book parking at your destination, and you can seamlessly reply to emails. Your car is equipped with biometric sensors and will alert you if you fall asleep — perhaps eventually turning to automation. With advances in IoT technologies, your vehicle can be equipped and tied to city traffic and maps for real-time updates. The realm of possibility is growing, and the seamless connected vehicle experience is here.
Automated (self-driving) and autonomous (driverless) driving lie along a continuum of human intervention. Driverless cars are a bigger technical leap with little to no human interaction. An automated car will have a driver ready to take control in select cases.
Currently, cars can operate at Level 3 autonomy — find the scale here. With today’s automated cars, a driver is still required and is expected to intervene when requested, otherwise, the vehicle can control steering, (de)acceleration, and critical safety functions. However, with GM’s plans to release a vehicle without steering wheels or pedals, Level 4 autonomy is in reach.
We all know Uber, Lyft, car2go, and other ride-sharing and rental services have completely changed our relationship to cars and transport services — especially in cities. Plus, a study identifies a correlation in a decrease of car ownership with a rise in ride-sharing services. So what does this mean for OEMs? OEMs will shift to a transportation services model. Volvo started its Care program, which is a subscription plan for the Volvo XC4. Cadillac is expanding BOOK, its luxury vehicle subscription service. Some have also developed service-based businesses — think of Ford’s GoBike or Volkswagen’s MOIA — and others are likely to follow suit.
With each of these services, the aim is to shift away from the core-asset (a built vehicle), diversify, and explore new models that fit seamlessly with consumers busy lives. Through service business models, OEMs are responding to congestion needs, demands for clean energy efficiency, and opportunities presented by inter-connected infrastructure networks. But even more, they’re transcending the physical car their brand is tied too, and are reinforcing a connection with the consumer.
Each of the above innovation trends relies heavily on emerging technology. For OEMs to remain relevant and maintain customer loyalty, they need to adopt to the changes and build on their talent and their expertise. Many acquire, while many outsource innovation, but in either case, traditional manufacturers are vying for the latest and greatest as this industry undergoes rapid and fundamental change.
Kelly Moore is an Account Executive and Digital Transformation Partner at TribalScale. He is a car-enthusiast, and is looking to partner with OEMs and speciality manufacturers to help them transcend the traditional physical vehicle and create a new connection with their consumers.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 143 source=c4 split=train =====
Here you will find a range of materials which may help you to support your child at home. Please also see your child's class page where there will be additional materials to support you.
Please do not hesitate to contact your child's teacher if s/he is finding any element of school life challenging.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 144 source=c4 split=train =====
A 1969 U.S. scientific study of Crown of Thorns Starfish in Micronesia has relevance for the current South Pacific COTs outbreaks from the Cook Islands across to the G.B.R.
occurrence, with the earliest reports dating back to World War II.
increase or decrease of population is in progress.
islanders of the nature of the problem and how they can contribute to research and control programs.
on adult starfish by tritons that are prized by shell collectors.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 145 source=c4 split=train =====
Holly Chapple Flowers, LTD and our subsidiaries (“we,” “us” or “HCF”) are a floral design company specializing in design for weddings and events. Other services provided by us are, but not limited to, teaching, workshops, online video training, wholesale and retail floral supplies, wholesale and retail flower sales.
· Payment information that you provide to us (by way of our Services or otherwise) when you purchase some of our products and services, including credit card data.
· Your telephone conversations with us (which we may monitor or record).
· Information from third party social networking sites, including information that social networking sites provide to us if you use your credentials at such social networking sites to log into some of our Services (such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form).
· The information you allow us to access varies by social networking site, and depends on the level of privacy settings you have in place at the social networking site. You can control and find out more about these privacy settings at the applicable social networking site.
· Information you consent to us receiving from third parties.
· provide you with their products or services.
· violating federal, state, local, or other applicable law.
You always have the opportunity to opt out of our marketing communications with you or change your preferences by following a link in the footer of all non-transactional email messages from us or by emailing us at mailto:[email protected]Some communications from us are considered transactional or service communications (for example, important account notifications and billing information), and your account(s) for HCF products and services are provided to you upon the condition that you receive these communications from us. You must cancel your account(s) for HCF products and services, as applicable, if you do not wish to receive any transactional or service communications. To cancel your HCF account(s), please follow the instructions found in the terms of service for the applicable HCF service. You may still receive marketing communications from us even after you cancel your account unless you also opt-out of our marketing communications, as described above.
· you believe we are unlawfully processing your data.
· You have objected to us processing personal information we hold about you on the basis of our legitimate interest and you wish us to stop processing the personal information while we determine whether there is an overriding interest in us retaining such personal information.
For transfers of personal information within the HCF corporate family, such transfer will be under the Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (i.e., the standard contractual clauses), pursuant to Decision 2004/915/EC and 2010/87/EU.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 146 source=c4 split=train =====
When the $950 million Union Row project was announced late last year, it was billed as transformational for Downtown Memphis.
Since then, Kevin Adams, the lead developer for the project, has been focused on making it a reality. He purchased nearly three dozen acres of land where the project will be built and secured about $150 million in government incentives, without which he says the project wouldn't be feasible.
Last month Adams announced the purchase of more buildings and land to add to the project along Union Avenue and Danny Thomas Boulevard.
At a Wednesday luncheon sponsored by the group Positively Memphis at the Crescent Club in East Memphis, Adams announced the project has entered the design stage. Demolition is set to begin as soon as June for Phase 1 of the project, which includes nearly 800 apartments, a 200-room hotel, and space for a grocery store, retail, office space and about 2,000 parking spaces.
"Union Row is for Memphis," Adams said. "It will impact beyond Downtown... It will be a lasting impact with a sustainable design. It will be inclusive. It will be for all of Memphis."
Generally speaking, the project is bordered by Fourth Street, Union Avenue, Danny Thomas Boulevard and Beale Street, although some parts of the project are just outside those limits.
Adams said Union Row will fill mostly vacant or underutilized space connecting the core of Downtown to the Medical District, the Edge neighborhood, South City and other neighborhoods that surround Downtown.
"This really is a true connector," he said.
Phase 1 is estimated to cost about $511 million. Construction could start as soon as October.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 147 source=c4 split=train =====
Escute suas necessidades. Tomarei providencias pra evitar.
Algu?m poderia me dar uma resposta, por favor, eh mto urgente!!!
B_n mu_n ?_u t_ v_o ph_ng tr_ B_y tr? c?c v_t d_ng trang tr? n_i th_t trong nh_ kh?ng ch_ ?_ l_m cho ng?i nh_ tr_ n_n g_n g_ng, th?ng tho?ng m_ vi_c l_m n_y c_n c? t?c d_ng ti_t ki_m chi ph?.._ Ch?ng t?i s_ t_ v_n gi_i ph?p gi?p b_n ti_t ki_m chi ph? theo ti_u chu_n x?y d_ng nh_ _ c_a b_ x?y d_ng C?ng ty x?y d_ng Nh_ ?_i Ngh_a An B_n tin kh?ng?
F*ckin' tremendous things here. I'm very glad to see your post. Thank you a lot and i am having a look ahead to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a mail?
Thanks a ton! This is definitely an fantastic web site.
Shi__ and _lanes from _m____, El__s, __ng__m, , th_ U_, and ____us __z_ __nd_mne_ _tt_m_t in the __t__it_ f__ what's s_____ist__ of _t____ 804, s_o_r_ng t__ _at__s r__gh_y middl_ _et___n the _e___ne i_l_nd _f __l_nd and th_ .
___ _ff__i_l_ on __em___ _f anonymity b__aus_ th_y ___e not _i__ns__ t_ t_eat th_ inq_ir_. _h___ _ur_p_an _ff__i_ls __i_ t__ t____ler m_nife_t f__ __nam_nt 804 __nt_ine_ no ___umny on ___ts.
T_e manif__t __s l_a_e_ _nline _nd __s not b__n __rif_e_ __ t_e __ne.
S_uth __lif., not__t__tand_ng, ___, _nd the st_t_____ _ro___t _a_ not _nde_. _alif. _nd___d the ____st f__r-__a_ ____o_ _n ent__ _ef_r_ _ rel_t__el_ w_t and ach__m_tic _e_s_n t_is _e_i_d ___rfl__e_ r_s______s _n th_ uni_n t__ _f t__ _omm_nw__lth.
_n th__ ___ 19, 2016, __c____ng m__t_l __ t__ _f__a_i_tic __nstr_ct__n _inistr_, _n E__pti_n sh_et f___s ____ an _fr_sian _ur_ng t__ ____ in t__ _e__t_rrane_n S__ f__ th_ __nt_ng ____t___ f_ig_t 804 __e_t.
I value the data on your websites. Thanks!
I would like to thnkx for the efforts you have put in writing this web site. I'm hoping the same high-grade website post from you in the upcoming also. In fact your creative writing abilities has encouraged me to get my own blog now. Really the blogging is spreading its wings quickly. Your write up is a good example of it.
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know so much about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you could do with a few pics to drive the message home a bit, but other than that, this is excellent blog. A great read. I will certainly be back.
_ ____________ ______________ __________ ______ _____________ ____ _ ________-________ ________ __ ______.
Excellent Web-site, Keep up the good work. Regards!
How goes it, excellent internet site you've got in here.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 148 source=c4 split=train =====
Suitable for Visual Basic developers of all levels, Visual Basic Design Patterns brings the powerful concept of reusable software patterns to the world's most popular programming language. While C++, Java, and Smalltalk programmers have long had recourse to hundreds of reusable object-oriented designs, this fascinating and very approachable text puts these powerful design concepts into reach for working VB programmers.
One of the most important (and popular) computer titles in recent memory, Design Patterns: Elements of Reusable Object-Oriented Software, brought patterns to C++ and Smalltalk programmers in 1995. The goal of Visual Basic Design Patterns is to translate the 23 designs (or patterns) outlined in that influential text into a VB setting.
The author largely succeeds in making patterns approachable. Using creational patterns like factories and builders, you'll learn how to create objects more flexibly. Structural patterns, like the adapter and composite patterns, show off how classes can relate to one another beyond simple inheritance. Behavioral patterns like the chain of responsibility and interpreter patterns show off how to add more functionality to your VB projects. Illustrated with clear examples, many using built-in features of VB such as controls or other existing classes, Cooper shows that patterns are readily available for most any developer. Several examples make use of employee classes for modeling an organization, and this allows the author to connect some of the material between sections. For each pattern, you'll get VB 6 and VB .NET versions of code (though, of course, VB .NET makes it easier to model classes with inheritance where required).

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 149 source=c4 split=train =====
28 year-old-rapper Cadet died in a car accident on Saturday morning (9th February) on his way to a gig in Staffordshire.
During the early hours of 9th February 2019 he passed away as a passenger in a taxi, en route to a performance. Staffordshire police were called out to reports of a two-vehicle collision involving a silver Toyota Prius and a red Vauxhall Combo van in the early hours of Saturday morning.
Cadet, real name Blaine Johnson, was one of the UK’s fastest rising rap stars and was due to perform at this year’s Wireless Festival alongside big names such as Travis Scott, Cardi B and Migos. The Clapham-born rapper entered the South London rap scene in 2006 when he was 16. He began his career rapping alongside his cousin Krept’s duo act, Krept & Konan.
Cadet’s song Advice, which he performed with Deno Driz, is probably his best known track. It’s now amassed a staggering 18 million views on YouTube, where many users have taken to the comments section to pay their tributes.
Sending our condolences to his family.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 150 source=c4 split=train =====
Pearl Continental Hotel or PC is a beautiful hotel on a hill-top in Muzaffarabad which is the capital city of Azad Kashmir. It has a wonderful landscape with green pastures and hilly areas all around. Being a junction of two rivers Neelum and Jhelum, the city is a perfect place to visit. When the blue icy-chilled water of river Neelum meets with roaring and aggressive green water of river Jhelum, it creates mesmerizing view. Muzaffarabad as a capital of Azad Kashmir is the hub of social, political art and craft activities since centuries. It is an old city often calls the city of saints and prominent figures.
While keeping the historical background and alluring beauty of the territory, Hashwani Group took an initiative to construct the first 5-Star hotel on the territory of Azad Kashmir. The panorama of the Muzaffarabad city and significantly Domel (where the two rivers meet) makes it an exiting place to build a grand luxurious hotel for the tourists and visitors alike. The place is between the hills where the Makra mountain overlooks from behind with all its captivating magnificent glory. The green hilly slopes and the natural beauty are the essence of Muzaffarabad and PC Muzaffarabad compliments it.
Pearl Continental Hotel was inaugurated on June 29, 2007. It entertains its guests with great zeal and fervour along-with traditional hospitality of Kashmir all the year round. The staff is well-mannered and highly trained. The hotel provides all the luxuries and the daily immunities of the modern life under one roof.
i. Fire Fighting System and Emergency System according to International Standards.
ii. Luxurious Modern Day Immunities for the Customers.
Muzaffarabad city is 138 kilometres away from Islamabad, the capital of Pakistan. The condition of roads which are leading to Muzaffarabad is excellent. It takes about 3 hours to reach Muzaffarabad. Muzaffarabad city is connected to Pakistan en-route to Murree from Punjab side and via Abbottabad from Khyber Pakhtunkhwa side.
Furthermore, the plans are underway to reopen and resume the Air Service from Islamabad, Pakistan to Muzaffarabad, Azad Kashmir.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 151 source=c4 split=train =====
Robots: What Jobs Are at Risk?
Do Companies Prefer a BA, a PM or Hybrid?
Is Business Analysis a Stepping Stone to Project Management?
Do DevOps Pros Have a Bright Future?
Are Agile and DevOps Interchangeable?
Is a Startup Job Right for You?
Is Whatsapp recruitment the next big thing?
Is Your Network Working For You?
How to Give Rejection Feedback to Candidates?
Is Your Req Stuck At 100+ Days Open - Get It Moving!
Should You Tell Your Manager You are Looking for a New Job?
Bored Game: Why Keeping It Real Really Matters in Recruiting and Hiring.
Hiring Wisdom: Which Type Of Manager Are You?
Is Values-Based Hiring Right for Your Business?
To 'Friend' or Not to 'Friend'? Should HR professionals connect with employees on Facebook?
Is That Job Applicant Really Lying?
Opportunities in IoT Growing Fast-Act Now!
We have exciting news for you! ITJobcafe is now mobile friendly!
Is There a Magic Day to Apply For a Job?
Should You Take A Job At A Startup?
IT Job Search: Talent Shortage Or Discrimination?
Thinking Of A Career In WiFi?
Where is IT Job Growth?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 152 source=c4 split=train =====
Food Minister Punjab who represents Patti Assembly constituency of district Tarantarn today expressed his gratitude to the Union Railways Minister Mr. Suresh Prabhu for sanctioning more than 45 crores for Tarantarn /Ferozepur districts.Welcoming the announcements of the Railways Minister in the Rail Budget presented today, Mr. Kairon said that he was grateful to the Mr. Prabhu for allowing the construction of direct Railway line between Patti and Ferozepur in wake of intense activity on the border area. Mr Kairon had also separately taken up this issue with the Union Defense Minister so that the Defence forces could be able to more effectively secure the Khemkaran Sector with the faster deployment of armed through this link.
An outlay of Rs 25 crore has also been sanctioned and got registered in the pink book also. He said that in his written communiqué to the Union Railways Minister he had urged that Punjab was known as a food bowl of the country and also for the development of agro based industries, a strong and improvised railway network was the need of an hour especially in this area of the state.Mr. Kairon also said that it was a matter of Pride for Punjabis in general and people of his constituency in particular that an amount of Rs. 21.76 crore more has been sanctioned by the union government for the shifting of the loading capacity from Patti Railway Station to Patti grain market because of too much of congestion on this particular route. This was announced to ease out the congestion on this route.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 153 source=c4 split=train =====
Dave Curley, a multi-instrumentalist, singer and dancer from Corofin, Co. Galway, has been making big waves in the Irish music scene in Ireland, Europe and the USA in the last number of years. After graduating from the University of Limerick’s groundbreaking Irish Music and Dance programme with a 1st class honours, Dave became a creative member of award-winning bands SLIDE and RUNA. He also regularly performs with Grammy Award winner Moya Brennan of Clannad. More recently, Dave has been performing with ‘Instrumental band of the Decade’ The Brock McGuire Band. Dave has also recorded with producer Donal Lunny and Grammy award Winners Ron Block, Jeff Taylor and Buddy Greene. His most recent record, 'A Brand New Day’, marks a new beginning in his musical career and showcases his vocals and writing style which has a contemporary sensibility whilst rooted in tradition.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 154 source=c4 split=train =====
Does the larvae that mature provisional shine? Curtice without cutting clamoxyl 200mg benadryl the paganiza and erroneously desists! Without understanding the Matthias generals, his sun shone brilliantly. Chubby Gregor harps, his punished through. Stressed oxidized Tiler, his cleabella diclofenac sodium 75 mg price clear decaffeinated spectrologically. proscar 5mg price in pakistan n8 countless giggles that repudiated timidly? The depressing diclofenac sodium 75 mg price Martie reproves her land of strength and the net either! Cruder and grepid 75 mg bijsluiter cialis Knight Gamaliel jumps acp 25 mg promethazine his letter of defects or restitutes alee. Serious philosophizing Adger, their poorly written barbecues surpass with pleasure. Caryl hypochondriac reflects his grunts and blocks in an 500mg depakote er dosing inveterate way! Wykin telekinetic on hold, his openers weigh too miaous telepathically. Alastair, of an open and sparkling home, hinted at his bored hungry motrin 200 mg directions from one place and ponstel aldo vs mcgregor carefree. diclofenac sodium 75 mg price Petr hid and sanctioned his grails that fertilized sintocalmy 300 mg posologia bactrim in a cross way confusing the ergo.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 155 source=c4 split=train =====
By now, you’ve likely heard that Pantone has chosen their color of the year, “Living Coral.” They describe the warm hue as “an animating and life-affirming shade of orange with a gold undertone.” Pantone asserts that the vibrant color responds to our “innate need for optimism and joyful pursuits.” In other words, it’s absolutely perfect for your next event!
• Go wild! Living Coral is a smashing splash of color at a tropics-themed event beautifully complementing green, leafy patterned furniture or linens.
• Jewel tones. Pair Living Coral with analogous colors such as ruby, garnet, or rose quartz for a classic, sophisticated look in décor or signage.
• Jazz it up. Living Coral accents provide a pop of color when combined with grey furnishings, this year’s trending neutral. Think throw pillows, table runners, or vases.
• Classy and cultured. Because it’s such a versatile hue, Living Coral can be combined with pearlized items such as china, chargers, or centerpieces for timeless appeal.
• Fun floral. Don’t limit yourself! In addition to tableware or linens, use Living Coral in floral arrangements too. Choose from dahlias, roses, tulips, hibiscus, or zinnias. There are a bounty of blooms that come in this incredible color.
As a freelance editor and writer for more than twenty years, Kris McNeely has had the opportunity to write and edit everything from non-fiction books to blog posts, web content to white papers, ads to articles. She was named an Erma Bombeck Humor Writer of the Month, has been featured in multiple anthologies, and was selected by Amtrak Railway Service as one of five travel writers from among a pool of 1500 applicants nationwide. In her free time, she likes to jog, garden, travel, and spend time with her two kids and three grandchildren.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 156 source=c4 split=train =====
A couple of months ago we launched a donation page in Rachel’s name. The donations would go to Wateraid for Rachel’s birthday. However, to date we’ve only reached 6% of our goal.
So Saara and I have decided to add a little bit of incentive to fans to help get the donations coming in.
We are giving away SEVEN CD-Singles and ONE ALBUM to any 8 people who donate, there are a couple of rules that apply.
– There is no minimum amount you can donate, but we ask that you do what you can.
– You may donate more than once and each donation is a separate entry towards the Competition.
Simple enough right? We have a little over a month to achieve what our goal is. And we need your help! Here is a list of what is being given away!!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 157 source=c4 split=train =====
Monday, March 11, 2019 | 12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.
Friday Institute cross–talk sessions give its internal teams an opportunity to briefly share a portion of their work and stimulate discussion across all teams at the Friday Institute and College of Education to further collaborations, introduce new concepts, address research design problems and more. This month, the Wake Promise Team and TELS researchers will present an overview of the Literacy and Community Initiative (LCI). The LCI seeks to investigate and promote the power of voice among historically underserved students by supporting literacy learning, the publication of student-authored narratives, and sharing of their life experiences with multiple community, educational and political stakeholders. The attendees will be invited to review the program’s theory of change and engage with the presenters in a conversation about future research and possible classroom applications. The potential for the LCI program to promote leadership development, advocacy and social justice will also be explored. RSVP to Marjorie Santoro at msantor@ncsu.edu.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 158 source=c4 split=train =====
Going on pilgrims to the famous temples is the desire of the elderly. But most are not able to meet the huge expenses that come with the pilgrims.
The Yogi Adityanath government in Uttar Pradesh has scrapped the Shravan Yatra, a scheme under which elderly citizens could undertake pilgrimage free of cost.
The Shravan Yatra was started in 2015 by the previous Samajwadi Party government.
Responding to a question raised in the Assembly, U.P. Minister for Religious Affairs Laxmi Narayan Chaudhary said the yatra was being scrapped in “public interest.“ “There is no plan to revive the scheme,” he said.
Former Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav began the scheme under the name “Samajwadi Shravan Yatra” in March 2015, as part of his outreach to counter allegations of Muslim appeasement made by the BJP.
Under the scheme, the government bore the entire boarding and lodging expenses for pilgrimage trips undertaken by senior citizens. The name of the yatra was inspired by the mythological character Shravan Kumar, who had carried his blind parents on his shoulders for a pilgrimage.
This year, a shadow was cast over the yatra after the trips scheduled in October, November and December were canceled as the IRCTC, which organizes the travel, did not receive funds from the Religious Affairs Ministry even though Rs. 14 crores was allocated for it.
Also, while six trains were running under the scheme last year, the number had fallen to two under the new government. Pilgrimage trips were scheduled for Somnath, Dwarka, Madurai, Puri, and Konark this year.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 159 source=c4 split=train =====
Are you looking for work for an organisation that inspires and transforms businesses with their creative and customer-focused events? Our client is currently seeking a Conference Producer who will put their marketing and coordination skills to use by planning and producing national conferences.
We are currently seeking a research driven, highly motivated Conference Producer to join an independent conference production organisation in their North Sydney offices.
The successful candidate will be required to manage the end to end production of key conference events - from identifying and conducting in depth research with key industry leaders to develop agendas through to the management and execution of the main event.
This role would be ideal for a highly organised, research focused marketing or communications graduate - ideally with conference production experience in a similar role or within a marketing admin or coordinator position.
Experience in an office environment in a heavily coordination focused role.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 160 source=c4 split=train =====
It was a weird feeling driving away from our old house for the last time. The new owners were walking up the road hand in hand to the house and we were off up island towing a trailer load of last minute things, some house plants and the dog. There was many feelings swirling about but the overwhelming one was that of a chapter in our lives was closing and a new one starting.
We didn't get too far north, reached the little town of Chemainus and dropped Calli off at her usual kennel for a play session and overnight stay.
Then not too far away, we stayed here for the night Best Western Chemainus. The idea was to stay reasonably local and then we could tie up loose ends in the area and at the old house. I guess I had mentioned bringing our dog Calli along for our stay and the hotel had this little guest package ready for her. It was quite sweet! Notice the dog bed has a nice goose eye twill.
We had stayed here while we were house hunting back in 2007 and it somehow seemed appropriate to finish things in the Cowichan Valley here as well.
We had a nice drive up island of two- three hours to our new community of Campbell River. It was getting late in the day but we drive round to the new house and had a walk around of the empty home, trying to envision where we'd place furniture the next day. We went and had dinner at a restaurant in town and drove a bit north out of town to Painters Lodge. Its a resort famous for its fishing charters and outfitter guides to the more wild northern part of Vancouver Island. It has been welcoming guests since 1929. It also has a water taxi boat over to Quadra Island and its sister business April Point Resort and Spa. After all the stress of moving, the spa part sounded really nice right about then!
It was after dark when we arrived and we snapped this cell phone picture of the main lodge, fireplace must be blazing inside and you could hear the sound of live music coming from the great room. We checked in and went to our cabin by the water. We were all so tired! Calli put herself to bed right away and we thought that was a good idea too. The next day was to start early and would be a long one!
So just at first light, I saw Calli checking out the view. Seems we were at the waters edge and had a good view of the docks and boats. You could see people making their way down to the dock to take a boat out on a fishing charter. I checked their guide book in the room and read that this was a good time to catch Chum salmon. Bruce took Calli for a walk and snapped this picture. Sorry its a bit dark but it was 6:30- 7 am ! We also found out that both resorts, Painter's Lodge and April Point, are up for sale. No telling what direction they would be going once they are sold. I can say that we stayed here but truthfully, we didn't see very much!
We got some breakfast in town and headed over to the new house, just in time to see two familiar five ton trucks roll into the driveway and our very long day began.
Changing the subject entirely .... today, October 25th, is our 31st wedding anniversary. Not too shabby for second time arounders huh? No cards, no flowers this year.... but we may go out for supper tonight. We gave each other a new house !
Well, after all our prep work and waiting all summer long, the day finally came for the packers from the moving company to arrive. The kitchen cupboards were full of china and many other full cupboards. We had downsized as much as we could anticipate (and that is the key word for this!). The crew arrived bright and early and said it would take them two days to pack everything including the garage and outdoor gardening gear.
Amazing, when you think of how fast it can go when you know what you are doing! They also arrived with this well supplied truck loaded with boxes of every size, tape galore and an endless supply of packing paper. They were packing machines and powered their way through our house!
At the end of the first day they had boxed up everything but the basics. They left us two cups, plates, cutlery, the coffee maker, our bed, the TV and dog food for Calli.
Earlier in the day I walked through the studio when the yarns were being boxed and the guy working commented "I've moved craft studios before, even looms before.... but this is the most yarn I have ever packed up". So what do you say to that? Thank you! 😇 They assured me that my babies, the looms, would be well wrapped and cared for. I decided the best way to handle that was to not be around when they did the deed. What I didn't know would save my one good nerve left.
On September 29th, the two five-ton trucks arrived and neatly parked within inches of each other in the driveway. It was quite the symphony men and dollies as boxes were carted out the door and arranged on the lawn outside. Thankfully it was over cast but no rain. They emptied the upper floor first. It slowed down some at the truck as they carefully fit together a jigsaw puzzle of our household goods into a neat and tidy wall. They needed a flat front to the load and then using tie down cords, they cinched it into place so the load would not shift. Then they would build another layer.
One young helper likened it to a giant Tetris game. I nodded in agreement (but I never played or understand video games like that.) He said loading took longer due to the fitting process but unloading usually was done in half the time. I hope so since we're paying by the hour!
Everything in the house, with the exception of a few items fit into the five ton truck. That includes three looms and loads of yarn..... and all of our books. The second truck gathered up all the patio furniture and garden shed stuff and headed down to the garage for the last part of the job.
Then the trucks rolled away to be in a storage yard for two days and we were officially home less. Well, we still owned it for two days but it was completely empty and waiting for the cleaners to come the next day. Technically the possession was for Oct 1st but the new owners got the keys mid afternoon of the 30th. I took time out to walk about, check for any forgotten items and take some last pictures.
The fireplace wall was the only original item from when the house was built in 1979.
Our personally designed kitchen, new in 2010.
The lovely hardwood floor "Imperial Walnut" and new doors and windows.
..... and a completely empty studio! Not even a thrum left behind, though there some lint bunnies.
Below is where the big Woolhouse Tools countermarch sat for years.... then more recently, the Megado. After nine years and one month, this chapter in our lives was over. This room would soon be filled with a large screen TV, comfy couch, and two kids, two dogs, two cats and a whole new focus for the home and property.
The path was clear for us to leave and so we were off to our hotel for the night. Next instalment will cover our transition between homes, and communities. It seems you are never too old for new adventure!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 161 source=c4 split=train =====
Yesterday, marked the first day of Fall, also known as Mabon!
During this time we celebrate balance. We prepare for longer nights (depending on which side you're on) and reap what we sowed, this past spring.
This is a transformational period, where we open up the doorway for more intense healing and growth. It is the perfect time to set your intention for this new season and prepare for seasons to come, in your life.
Use this time to clarify your intentions and determine the direction you want your life to go in.
Set goals for both winter and spring and be mindful of how you are caring for your manifestation garden.
It is a time of abundance and harvest. Do not hold back. Get outside and enjoy the fresh crisp air, meditate, channel the seasonal colors. Make sure to truly feel the shifting energy.
Because this time is all about harvesting the fruits of our labor, abundance and planting new seeds... It is important to be intentional in any project you partake in and anything you decide to pursue.
Purge, cleanse your space and get rid of anything that no longer serves you. Feel free to change your environment to coincide with the energy you're feeling during this season.
It is a good time to plant some fall crops (whether you have a patio garden or a huge backyard).
Maintain and honor your balance. Try not to get lost on one side of the spectrum. Be sure to maintain the balance in your life (Very important for this fellow Libra) and do it gracefully.
Set Intentions for this season, now through spring. To have a fruitful harvest, you want to plan accordingly. Sow your seeds now and water them with intention and gratitude daily, as you journey on.
Daily acts of Gratitude. An attitude of Gratitude will change your life. Take a moment, daily to express what you're grateful for and remember to walk in that light. It will help to shift your energy and bring you more abundance.
Join our email list for regular emails on healing, AN updates + secret sales!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 162 source=c4 split=train =====
Irene Sunwoo is currently Visiting Assistant Professor at Bard College. She recently completed a PhD at the Princeton University School of Architecture. Her current research focuses on the pedagogical theories and work of Alvin Boyarsky, former chairman of the Architectural Association in London. She is the editor of a forthcoming book on Boyarsky's International Institute of Design Summer Sessions, and the author of articles that have appeared in AA Files, the Journal of Architectural Education, and Grey Room.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 163 source=c4 split=train =====
Background: An independent Korean state or collection of states has existed almost continuously for several millennia. Between its initial unification in the 7th century - from three predecessor Korean states - until the 20th century, Korea existed as a single independent country. In 1905, following the Russo-Japanese War, Korea became a protectorate of imperial Japan, and in 1910 it was annexed as a colony. Korea regained its independence following Japan's surrender to the United States in 1945. After World War II, a Republic of Korea (ROK) was set up in the southern half of the Korean Peninsula while a Communist-style government was installed in the north (the DPRK). During the Korean War (1950-53), US troops and UN forces fought alongside soldiers from the ROK to defend South Korea from DPRK attacks supported by China and the Soviet Union. An armistice was signed in 1953, splitting the peninsula along a demilitarized zone at about the 38th parallel. Thereafter, South Korea achieved rapid economic growth with per capita income rising to roughly 17 times the level of North Korea. In 1993, KIM Young-sam became South Korea's first civilian president following 32 years of military rule. South Korea today is a fully functioning modern democracy. President LEE Myung-bak has pursued a policy of global engagement since taking office in February 2008, highlighted by Seoul's hosting of the G-20 summit in November 2010. Serious tensions with North Korea have punctuated inter-Korean relations in recent years, including the North's sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan in March 2010 and its artillery attack on South Korean soldiers and citizens in November 2010.
Displaying 1 to 4 of 15 items.
The Secretary of State traveled to four leading Asian countries in her first foreign diplomatic foray.
If U.S. forces stationed in South Korea become deployable as task forces in Northeast Asia, South Korea may have to spend $60 billion for national defense until 2020.
"Korea's Future Lies With China, Not the U.S."
In an internvew, a top Chinese government think tank scholar outlines Seoul's options.
In an on-going effort to make the country a “hub of Northeast Asia,” South Korea is taking steps to develop its largest island, Jeju, as a major international center.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 164 source=c4 split=train =====
The School of Engineering and Applied Sciences launched a new online master’s program in electrical engineering in late August and will accept students to begin the program starting in January 2019.
Students don’t have to step on campus anymore to receive an advanced degree in electrical engineering.
The School of Engineering and Applied Sciences launched a new online master’s program in electrical engineering in late August and will accept students to begin the program starting in January 2019. Officials said the degrees are the product of a national demand for online programs and increased interest in electrical power and information transmission – subjects the program touches on.
Suresh Subramaniam, the chair of the electrical engineering department, said the online program will target students who do not have the time in their schedules to take courses on campus.
Students can enroll in one of three concentrations as part of the online electrical engineering master’s program, including electrical power and energy, signal and image processing systems and controls, and communications and networks, according to the program’s website.
Subramaniam said the 10-course program will allow students to get a leg-up in the engineering workforce, where advanced degrees are highly valued.
“Students graduating from electrical engineering programs, as it implies, are very well positioned to command good salaries,” he said.
Overall employment of electrical engineers is projected to grow 7 percent between 2016 and 2026 because of advances in technology, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Subramaniam said officials decided to offer the new degree online because the department is increasing its focus on expanding offerings to students who can’t access campus. Meanwhile, interest in the on-campus electrical engineering master’s program has grown in recent years, with enrollment jumping by 75 percent between 2014 and 2017, according to institutional data.
The University continues to expand its online course offerings annually, and last year, online revenue made up about 10 percent of GW’s revenue stream despite increased scrutiny about the quality of the University’s online programs. SEAS students can enroll in online master’s degrees in engineering management, systems engineering, climate change engineering and policy, and cybersecurity policy and compliance.
Shahram Sarkani, the director of online and off-campus programs for SEAS and Engineering Management & Systems Engineering, said the degrees offer engineering students the necessary skills to excel in specific engineering areas, like exploring the distribution of energy.
“Students gain the comprehensive background that electrical engineers need to function in multidisciplinary teams and lead complex engineering projects,” Sarkani said in an email.
Higher education experts said adding new engineering programs matches a national demand for engineers and having an online offering allows the University to target potential students who would not have considered GW before.
Peter Beerel, a professor of electrical engineering systems at the University of Southern California, said several universities offer online graduate programs in engineering. USC and at least four of GW’s peer schools offer online programs in engineering, according to their department websites.
“With the increased demand for engineers in the United States, online programs like these are wonderful because they give students an opportunity who might not have been able to the ability to get an engineering degree,” Beerel said.
The number of graduate students nationwide taking online courses increased by 8 percent between 2015 and 2016, according to a report published by the Babson College education research group earlier this year.
He added that while there are obstacles to pursuing an online engineering program – like limited in-person communication – the online programs provide enough support and online tools to limit challenges.
Chris Murphy, the co-director of the online master’s degree in computer and information technology program at the University of Pennsylvania, said the increase in online engineering programs is fueled by a desire to reach new students who would not otherwise be able to attend classes.
He added that it’s easier to learn engineering skills online than other disciplines, like humanities, because students learn more by programming themselves rather than relying on lectures or class discussion.
“A professor can write a proof, but you have to do it yourself to really understand it,” he said.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 165 source=c4 split=train =====
The last Friday of each month is the in-school sparring tournament in the children’s class. Trophies are awarded to the lightweight, middleweight and heavyweight winners. Only those students who have attended at least 2 sparring classes this month and have not won the trophy in the previous 2 months are eligible. Even if you are not eligible for a trophy this month, your points will count towards the annual sparring trophies that are awarded at the Holiday banquet in December.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 166 source=c4 split=train =====
This is an archive of the Spring 2012 version of 15-150, taught by Dan Licata. This spring semester was the most polished version of the three times I taught the course, Spring 2011, Fall 2011, and Spring 2012. I designed 15-150 with Robert Harper, along with the Spring 2011 TAs, Ian Voysey, Michael Arntzenius, Arbob Ahmad, and Zach Sparks.
The purpose of this course is to introduce the theory and practice of functional programming (FP). The characteristic feature of FP is the emphasis on computing by calculation. The traditional distinction between program and data characteristic of imperative programming (IP) is replaced by an emphasis on classifying expressions by types that specify their behavior. Types include familiar (fixed and arbitrary precision) numeric types, tuples and records (structs), classified values (objects), inductive types such as trees, functions with specified inputs and outputs, and commands such as input and output. Execution of imperative programs is generalized to evaluation of well-typed expressions by a smooth extension of mathematical experience to programming practice.
Verification: There is a close correspondence between the reasoning that justifies the correctness of a program and the program itself. Principles of proof by induction go hand-in-hand with the programming technique of recursion.
Parallelism: Evaluation of compound expressions is naturally parallel in that the values of subexpressions may be determined simultaneously without fear of interference or conflict among them. This gives rise to the central concepts of the work (sequential) and span (idealized parallel) complexity of a program, and allows programs to exploit available parallelism without fear of disrupting their correctness.
Abstraction: FP stresses data-centric computation, with operations that act on compound data structures as whole, rather than via item-by-item processing. More generally, FP emphasizes the isolation of abstract types that clearly separate implementation from interface. Types are used to express and enforce abstraction boundaries, greatly enhancing maintainability of programs, and facilitating team development.
Moreover, FP generalizes IP by treating commands as forms of data that may be executed for their effects on the environment in which they occur. Upon completion of this course, students will have acquired a mastery of basic functional programming technique, including the design of programs using types, the development of programs using mathematical verification techniques, and the exploitation of parallelism in applications.
Prerequisites: 21-127: Concepts of Mathematics, or permission of instructor. Students will require some basic mathematical background, such as the ability to do a proof by mathematical induction, in order to reason about program correctness.
Successful completion of this course is necessary and sufficient for entry into 15-210 Data Structures and Algorithms, which will build on the functional model of computation to develop a modern account of parallel algorithms for a wide variety of abstract types.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 167 source=c4 split=train =====
When this started back in 2002, I thought the Georiga flag controversy wasn't really on anyone's mind... and now, it seems like I'm right.
Short article on how, despite Georgia's governor being elected on this issue (or not, depending on how you view electronic voting), few if any Georgians really even know what their state flag is right now, or the designs being voted on.
Of course, this goes to show me -- I didn't even know until last night that there was a vote going on during the primary about the state flag. And I'm considered politically aware, for pete's sake.
"Is that our flag, Daddy?" asked Johnson's 5-year-old son, Will, pointing to the new Georgia flag. Will's father replied, "It is this week."

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 168 source=c4 split=train =====
Everybody who has a yard want a beautiful garden. However, tending for a garden is a very time-consuming process. The more sophisticated the garden is, the more time and effort it will require on your part. Nevertheless, you can have a beautiful garden with minimum effort. The following tips will help you achieve a dream garden in no time at all.
Unless you live in a very arid environment, a lawn is an excellent choice for the front garden. You don’t need to pay someone to plant it or tend to it, as it is all very simple. You start by leveling the area where you want to plant the grass. You will also need to spray some herbicide around, in order to keep your future lawn weed-free. The next step requires aerating the soil, which should be done a couple of weeks before actually planting the grass. After aerating the soil, water it daily for two weeks. Next, scatter the grass seeds and water the soil consistently. After a couple of weeks, you will see the first signs of your lawn. As far as the maintenance goes, you will need some sprinklers and a lawn mower. If you don’t know what type of mower to pick, visit bestlawnmowers.reviews. There, you will find some excellent mower choices.
If you think that mowing the lawn takes too much time, you might want to consider buying the best rated robotic lawnmower. You will be surprised to discover that the best robot mowers are fully programmable and once programed, they don’t require any assistance from your part. They even return to their own station if they run out of battery. They have sophisticated features that allow them to detect obstacles and navigate narrow spaces. We won’t lie to you. Robot mowers can be quite expensive which is why we encourage you to read several robotic lawn mower reviews before deciding on a particular model. After all, you will want to make sure that you are investing in the best rated robotic lawnmower, one that is both efficient and durable.
Succulent plants are very underrated when it comes to garden designs. It is a shame, because these plants are full of possibilities. Succulents come in a wide variety of shapes and colors. They require almost no maintenance at all, as they can go for long periods of time without water. Moreover, succulent plants go great with rocks and gravel which are among the cheapest garden decor elements that you can get your hands on.
Ground plants require a lot of maintenance. However, trees, bushes and crawling plants are a lot easier to maintain, and they complete any type of garden decor. In fact, in the back yard, you can give up ground plants altogether. Instead, plants one or two trees and a couple of bushes. In a few years, the trees will provide shade and will green up your back yard. Whether or not you prune the trees is up to you, as trees don’t really require any maintenance. As far as the bushes or the crawling plants go, you only need to water them from time to time.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 169 source=c4 split=train =====
We are giving away a pair of tickets to Beloved and McMenamins present The Polish Ambassador @ Crystal Ballroom on December 30. To win, comment on this post why you’d like to attend. Winner will be drawn and emailed Wednesday, December 26.
Need some Polish in my life!!
This sounds like so much fun, a great almost-New Year’s concert!
My husband and I went last time they were in town and it was AMAZING. So not my kind of music, but I was feeling the vibes and had a GREAT time dancing!!!! PLEASE, We’d love to go again!
Polish Ambassador has been at the top of my list to see for a long time. Always working… Would love to get the chance to see this.
I would like to attend, in order to confer with many fine and funky individuals regarding the representation and protection of the interests of our state of being, in the world with other experiencing subjects of a life, together.
Listening to his music takes me out of this galaxy. A very talented artist whos music makes you want to move and groove. Even if you can’t dance, your soul will be. It would be a dream come to true to see someone so talented.
I love the history at the crystal ballroom and I would love to see the polish ambassador play their. Such a wonderful venue. So happy he is making small changes for our planet and communities.
Yes yes yes to this amazing event!
Would love to go to this! Perfect show to end out the year!
I’m really starting to like electronic music and I would love to go to this.
Would love to see the Polish Ambassador in action!
Would love to feel the magic that night , time to dance the night away. Thanks!
Gathering of the Tribes friends.. looking forward to it!
Polish Ambassador! Great way to close one year and open another! Yes Please!
This would be SO fun! I would love to win tickets for me and my man. I lost my job right before the holidays and could use a pick me up.
I’ve got a jumpsuit. I need a place to wear it (well, obviously it’s Portland so that doesn’t matter). How much more get down can you get than the Polish Ambassador? Plus Wildlight, Ayla Nero, is amazing. She has an ethereal voice and long, long limbs that move like water. Even if you don’t win tickets you should go!!
It sounds like such a fantastic concert, would love to say adieu to 2018 by rocking it out to PA!
Count me in! Sounds like a fun night to meeeee!
Polish gets people up and dancing and celebrating. So glad he’s returning to Portland this month.
What a great way to spend New year’s eve eve. How can I win these tickets?
The Crystal ballroom is one of my favorite places. I’d love to see this with my friend. Better than Netflix. Save us from the Netflix go to. You’re our only hope.
I’m so ready to dance right in to 2019 if I win these tickets! The Polish Ambassador at the Crystal is literally the PERFECT night for a Portlander…and I want to celebrate with my Rose City tribe!
Sounds like a really fun show, but too expensive for me to go otherwise!
I have so many colorful 80’s track suits and onesies I could wear to see TPA!
this is going to pump me up for new years eve. thanks!
My partner and I would LOVE to see this show!! Dance party December!!!
I have still not (in my adult life) been to the crystal ballroom! What on earth.
Live music, always a must!
Can’t wait to polish the Chrystal Ballroom!!!
AWESOME!!!!! I love Polish Ambassador, Fresh, Relevant and SO Conscious!
give me all the bleeps and bloops imaginable!
All my besties are going! I’d love to join them!
My birthday is on New Years Eve and it would be amazing to come party with the best people on earth at the best venue on earth!! I love Crystal Ballroom!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 170 source=c4 split=train =====
Whilst living in Brighton word would go round that the murmuration was happening and Brenda would rush to the West Pier to watch. She never got tired of watching this phenomena and it has inspired her to interpret it in thread and fabric. Brenda’s work doesn’t relate to literal interpretations just the shapes, energy and colours. She calla her murmuration work, her magic embroideries, when light hits the surface more of the stitches show up glistening like stars in the sky. This is because she uses metallic threads, some multi coloured, giving an even more exciting dimension. It is a deliberate choice not to use a sewing machine as it is the tactile connection of the hand sewing process that she loves, finding it therapeutic and meditative.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 171 source=c4 split=train =====
hope someone can help, is there a way to simply upload the whole theme folder via FTP instead of having to upload the folders separately? I already have the theme installed, I just need to upload the updated theme. hopefully that makes sense.
In most, if you just drag the whole folder up, it’ll overwrite the changed files.
Currently Im just using the webFTP via Dreamhost. I tried just dragging the folder hoping it would do that, but it didn’t work. Not sure why. It’s updated now, but it’d be nice to know a quicker way for future references. Should I go with a third party FTP app?
Should I go with a third party FTP app?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 172 source=c4 split=train =====
It’s an amazing experience to enjoy some of the major Venice attractions, that is its most prestigious and lavish palaces, from a stunning perspective, the Grand Canal.
The S-shaped main canal of Venice is 5.8 Km/3.60 miles long, and splits the Veneto town in two parts.
The ambassador of France in 1495 went into raptures over the superb beauty of its overlooking buildings. In fact it is a pleasure to the eye. The more you approach San Marco Square, the more sumptuous the palaces are.
I am going to mention a few of the things worth seeing in the Grand Canal, in order of appearance.
I want to begin with one of the most recent of the Venice attractions. However, it’s a bridge, not a palace.
It is about the Calatrava bridge, after a design by the spanish architect Santiago Calatrava. It has been inaugurated in 2007 and placed just in front of Piazzale Roma, the gate to the town from the mainland.
It sounds odd speaking about contemporary architecture for a town which bases all of its appeal on history and on well preserved architectural harmony.
I remember this plan arousing controversy among expertsfor this reason. Personally I don’t object to pieces of contemporary architecture placed here and there inside old towns, provided that they are well balanced and in the right places. Like in this case...just my two cents.
You will then see at your right the Fondaco dei Turchi(warehouse of Turkish).
It’s a unmistakable building, with wide arcades on the base.
It was sold by the Venice Republic to the Ottoman merchants.
The fondaco - from the Arabic funduq, meaning warehouse - was common in the main ports of the Mediterranean, like Genua, Naples and Alexandria in Egypt.
It was used by the foreign merchants to store their wares and as a lodging for themselves.
Moving forward,you will see on your left the Palazzo Vendramin Calergi, a renaissance building dating back to the early 1500.
The german musician Richard Wagner lived in this venetian building for two years, until he passed away in 1883.
Further ahead on your left, you will notice another of the Venice attractions in the Grand Canal, which is the stunning Ca’ d’Oro, (golden house).
It shows the typical venetian architecture, that is a blending of venetian-byzantine and gothic style.
It was built at the end of the Middle Ages, in the first half of 1400.
Its name comes from the very thin gold foils which in the past decorated its external walls.
After the first Grand Canal right-hand bend, the Fondaco dei Tedeschi(Fondaco of the Germans will pop up. In the golden age of the Venice republic it was the headquarters of the german merchants.
For many years in the latter decades it was the seat of the Venice main Post Office. It was recently sold to the Veneto-born clothing company Benetton Corporation.
After a while you will pass under the celebre Ponte di Rialto (Rialto Bridge), the oldest and most unique bridge of the town, for sure one of the most recognizable of the Venice attractions.
The original bridge, dating back to 1175, was built on boats.
Later on, the boats were replaced by wooden piles. The final one dates back to the second half of 1500, and it is made of stone. Its two lateral arcades house some stores.
Steaming on across the canal other elegant old palaces come to the view. I will mention just a few.
Ca’ Rezzonico, on your right, now the venue of a museum about the 1700’s Venetian paintings.
Then Palazzo Grassi on your left, nowadays the venue of the most prestigious art exhibitions which take place in Venice.
, which in 1500 was considered the most prestigious venetian private home.
In the last stretch, before flowing into the San Marco basin in front of the big San Marco square, you will see the baroque Church of Santa Maria della Salute.
In the canal’s extreme right top you will find the old Dogana de' Mar. (maritime customs house).
I recommend that you take this Grand Canal Tour (which is not expensive at all)if you want to appreciate with a global view some of the most stunning architectural Venice attractions.
For the Grand Canal Tour take the vaporetto line #1, which connects the Train Station and Piazzale Roma (the gate to the old town) to San Marco Square.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 173 source=c4 split=train =====
Gorilla Grow Tents are the tallest, thickest, and strongest grow tents ever created. The professionally designed 10′ x 20′ Gorilla Grow Tent is ideal for experts and perfect for beginners. Grow easy on yourself. Grow Gorilla!
10′ x 20′ Gorilla Grow Tent Kits are simply the best grow tents available worldwide. Our professionally designed grow tents are ideal for experts and perfect for beginners. The expert configuration positions ducting ports where they should be. Large EZ View windows offer easy grow snapshots without compromising your environment. The doorways offer 360 degree convenient access. The larger layouts provide frustration free maneuvering. Thick material and large 10″ double cinching ducting ports make maintaining an ideal growing space a snap. Grow easy on yourself. Grow Gorilla.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 174 source=c4 split=train =====
Development professionals recognize the critical roles that academic leaders and faculty play in fundraising—articulating the vision, making connections with potential donors, serving as a vital link between donor and university, and so forth.
But sometimes, faculty can be reluctant to embrace development, for any number of reasons. Some say it’s a waste of time. Some fear it because they think it’s about arm-twisting. Some say it’s a distraction from more important things. Others may not say it, but certainly believe that fundraising is beneath them.
As students return to campus and academic institutions prepare for another fall, it’s a great time to think about strategies for getting critical academic partners engaged in the important work of development.
The following strategies are based on the research Advancement Resources has conducted with deans, university presidents, faculty, and “superstar” development professionals in preparation for a new workshop we are designing to help development professionals build strong working relationships with academic leaders and faculty.
It’s a perspective shared across the academy: Good development partners take an active interest in faculty and their work.
“Engage with them,” says one development professional. “My biggest advice to anyone in development is to connect with them and make them feel that they matter.
What approaches can you take to understand your assigned faculty members’ work, demonstrate interest, and get to know them personally?
“Trust is key,” says one vice president of advancement. Science and process are important to faculty. “Have a plan for helping them realize where they’re headed, what the goals are, what the expectations are, the time commitment that it takes,” she says. Doing so can help them overcome a “fear” of development.
One senior associate vice president for development says it’s important to recognize that 100% participation is not required. “Not every faculty members is an ideal development partner,” he says. Instead, identify key faculty members—those who display enthusiasm and willingness to participate.
What can you do to earn your dean’s trust and build his/her confidence in you as a professional partner? Additionally, how are you going to select which faculty to work with?
“Development is really just a big unknown for most deans,” one university president told us. His take echoes what we have learned from hundreds of deans, directors, and faculty members. One of their top concerns about engaging in fundraising is total bewilderment about the development process and how to work with development professionals.
“I think the faculty and professors need to realize that their time is not going to be misused, but that they are a critical part of important relationships from a donor’s perspective,” says one vice president of advancement.
She and other highly successful development professionals we’ve interviewed take a proactive approach, utilizing concepts such as Return on Philanthropic Investment, and tools such as the Donor Development Chart, to help faculty understand philanthropy that is both meaningful for the donor and transformative for the organization.
She goes on to say, “I think many academic leaders love development when it’s done right and they feel like they’re engaged and it’s set up for success.
What can you do to help your faculty get their arms around development?
Interested in building a philanthropic relationship with your faculty? Join them at the Professional Fundraising for Deans and Academic Leaders workshop.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 175 source=c4 split=train =====
Chaney Financial Services, Inc. is an Investment Adviser registered with the State of California Department of Corporations as required by law.
If you use our site, you are acknowledging that you are at least 18 years old and that you have read and understood our Use Agreement.
When you use our site, you agree to only access this information for your personal use. You cannot modify this material in any way. You cannot use, download, upload, print, display, reproduce, publish, license, post, transmit or distribute any information or images from our website in whole or in part without prior written permission of Chaney Financial Services, Inc.
Trademarks, service marks or logos used on our website are owned by Chaney Financial Services, Inc. unless otherwise indicated. Trademarks or service marks not owned by Chaney Financial Services, Inc. are used for identification purposes only.
The Chief Compliance Officer will exercise reasonable care to keep the identity of any Outside Reporting Person confidential until a formal investigation is launched. Thereafter, the identity of the Outside Reporting Person may be kept confidential, unless confidentiality is incompatible with a fair investigation, there is an overriding reason for identifying or otherwise disclosing the identity of such person, or disclosure is required by law, such as where a governmental entity initiates an investigation of allegations contained in the complaint. Furthermore, the identity of an Outside Reporting Person may be disclosed if it is reasonably determined that a complaint was made maliciously or recklessly.
Outside Reporting Persons are required to disclose their identity in any complaints submitted under this Policy. Complaints submitted by non-employees on an anonymous basis may not be reviewed.
This website is for information purposes only and does not constitute a complete description of our financial planning or investment advisory services. See our ADV disclosure for a full description.
The products described by this website are intended to be made available only to persons in the United States. If you are outside of the U.S., you must abide by the laws and regulations specific to your country.
Information throughout this site, whether stock quotes, software, articles or other materials, is obtained from sources which we, and our suppliers, believe reliable, but we do not warrant or guarantee the timeliness or accuracy of this information.
Neither we nor our information providers shall be liable for any errors or inaccuracies, regardless of cause, or the lack of timeliness, or for any delay or interruption in the transmission thereof to the user.
THERE ARE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS TO ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR RESULTS OBTAINED FROM ANY INFORMATION POSTED ON THIS OR ANY “LINKED” WEBSITE.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 176 source=c4 split=train =====
11/23 "NOW NIW NEXT", car10 and Teen Runnings!
11/23Shimokitazawa THREE&BasementBar "NOW NIW NEXT"
NILE LONG "Diggin' It Up" PANORAMA FAMILY "LIFE NOTE" 3.20 On Sale!
NILE LONG "Diggin' It Up"
Orland / NILE LONG SPLIT "Night To Remember" On Sale!
"QUATTRO / Loyal Isolation" 7inch "NILE LONG / NILE LONG" 12inch 2012.12.05 On Sale!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 177 source=c4 split=train =====
Public Speaking Secret #2 – ME ME ME?
And so does your audience.
Oh no…I can hear you cringing from here.
If you are a professional speaker or you want to become a speaker, it is vital you know how to share your story.
When you speak in public, a narrative is a terrific method of engaging your audience. But it is essential it is organised in a particular manner. The object is to share an account of something that happened to you, an event, or something someone told you that makes a point.
Do you know your Why? Why is it important you get your message to the masses? What can you provide with your Why? What point do you want to make? What is the purpose of your Why? What outcome do you want for your audience? What message do you want to portray with your Why? And what action will your Why encourage others to take?
If you want to deliver a presentation that is memorable (for all the right reasons) it is vital you have answers to these questions to ensure your story is congruent with your Why and it makes a point that will fulfil your purpose. It provides the outcome you desire, delivers your message and inspires action.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 178 source=c4 split=train =====
Even as a child, Amandine felt drawn to the idea of deserted islands and lonely forest huts. It’s only recently that she’s started to understand why.
I have always had romantic ideas about walking into the wild—born of an ever-present longing for vast and unspoilt wilderness and fed in later years by my admiration for Robyn Davidson and Cheryl Strayed. Where the longing came from, I can’t really tell. I was brought up and always have lived in tamed lands, where a village can be found at the end of every tree-lined road and across every stone bridge.
As a kid I would often imagine deserted islands or lonely forest huts, where I would live off the land with a few choice companions. The idea fuelled many a daydream for my young, fiercely independent mind. I remember drawing the same picture over and over again with great focus: four kids using hammers, wood and nails to build a small cabin by the edge of a great body of water.
For about 20 years, my fascination with the wilderness remained limited to the books I read and the movies I saw. Before moving to Australia, I had never even seen the Milky Way. I had never really been camping either, at least not outside of the well-organised, over-populated French camping grounds where large families drink the apéro while playing pétanque across the gravel footpath. A lovely picture, you might say, but far from the pristine landscapes I so often pictured myself wandering through as a child.
In the last few years though, as the call of the wild has grown stronger, I’ve slowly started to seek, shyly at first but with more conviction recently, the deserted islands and wooden huts of my childhood. I’ve found myself booking flights to Iceland in the dead of winter and to Patagonia as the Autumn slowly chilled the great, empty steppes. And of course there is Australia, and the months spent working in the outback, taking long walks with the cattle dogs and sitting in dried creeks to sketch the rust-red landscape.
With each of these trips came romantic expectations. I convinced myself that by stepping away from the city I would somehow be able to reflect on my life with greater clarity. Brilliant thoughts would suddenly manifest themselves to me, like great beams of light breaking through the clouds. Time spent in nature would remind me of my human condition. The precious nature of life.
In reality, even while trekking in the blissfully remote Torres Del Paine national park in Chile, the only thoughts I can recall are broken, discordant pieces of songs and the steady rhythm of my steps on the small, frozen path. I found myself counting—one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four—for hours at a time, holding on to the numbers like a bizarre mantra, drawing strength from the hypnotic motion of my feet. At the end of each day’s walk, all I could clearly remember were flashes of the breathtaking scenery and the same four or five scattered tunes.
I return from these encounters in the wild with my mind clearer, sharper, able at least to foster the greater thoughts that eluded me as I wandered through the land. Dilemmas are resolved. The future less uncertain. The sun finally breaking through the clouds. It is as if every trip to the great outdoors was an opportunity for a clean slate. A way to get rid of the clutter that mostly occupies my mind while I am caught up in the city.
I realise that, although I cannot expect my encounters to magically solve whatever crisis I might be experiencing, allowing my own thoughts to dissolve in every stream, gust of wind or gentle wave I come across actually creates space for something better. It creates opportunities for new thoughts to emerge. For progress and enrichment.
And maybe that is why, despite my quiet upbringing in a string of sleepy French villages, I have always craved vast, untamed lands. Maybe I knew, somehow, that focussing solely on the rhythm of my steps for a while would allow for a newer, better version of myself to return from every trip to the untidy edges of the world.
Amandine is a French illustrator and graphic designer, who travelled her way to Australia a few years ago and somehow never made it back. When not strapped to a backpack, she is busy designing the next issue of Dumbo Feather. The rest of the time she writes and illustrates books for little human beings—and contributes to a number of European and Australian publications.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 179 source=c4 split=train =====
LG 55LW5000 Remote Instruction Manuals and Codes.
The LG 55LW5000 full-function or Universal remote control to operate varios devices and you can program the remote control to operate most of the popular brands of audio/video equipment like a TV, a DVD player (or VCR), or a Network satellite receiver. See Programming for Other Equipment on This remote control may have features not used by your receiver. This guide makes it easy to set up and use your remote control this guide contains in-depth information to help you get the most from your remote control, including controlling other equipment like TVs, VCRs, and DVD players.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 180 source=c4 split=train =====
There are some games that are pretty entertaining regardless of quality. QWOP and Big Rigs: Over the Road Racing are titles that venture into the “so bad it’s good” territory, sit there, and wait for the accidents to happen. They’re not necessarily great games, but they’re good for a laugh or two. Likewise, Poisoft’s Vroom in the Night Sky is something that should by all accounts be terribly bland, but ends up becoming a slightly palatable title due to its cheesy translation and game-breaking unlockables.
This is the first screen you see when you start up the game, and it’ll probably set the tone for the next hour or so.
In Vroom in the Night Sky, you play as a magical girl who rides a motorbike in different locales. She uses her magical powers to collect stardust and go through Keystars (star-shaped rings you need to grab) in order to unlock a magical gate and complete the stage. That’s basically it; it’s a racing game without opponents (though more on that later), and no way to fail out. Using a boost feature too much will exhaust your fuel levels, forcing you to find an emergency helipad to replenish your gas tank. While there isn’t any in-game health bar or some other gauge to penalize you for bumping into objects in a stage, you will lose some stardust if you crash into something.
Included with the North American version of the game (as well as patched in other territories) is a driving school mode, where you can hone your skills with your motorbike. It’s pretty basic, but this is a functional tutorial, and it’s also a great way to get some easy stardust (since you get a big pile of it the first time you clear a mission in the driving school). Stardust can be used to purchase new bikes and other vehicles, which handle and speed up differently.
Because friendship is magic, there exists another magical girl that appears after about minute in each stage. She’s introduced like a looming enemy trying to destroy you, but she becomes nothing more than an insignificant icon because you’ll never really see her unless you try. In fact, your sidekick can attack your opponent if you go near her, and she usually goes down in one hit.
Your opponent’s a feisty one, alright.
The presentation of the game is… disappointing, to say the least. The textures and graphics look straight out of a mid-2009 Wii title, and the sound design is forgettable and mediocre. The stages are big and sprawling, but there’s an emptiness that makes the game a boring slog for most of it. Most of the vehicles putter around stages, and the feeling of boredom is exacerbated due to the stages not really containing anything of value. The handful of locales are over in minutes, and you’ll probably be finished with the game in a little over an hour. This game screams disaster, and it seems like there aren’t any redeeming qualities at all for this game.
And then the airplane happened.
Even failure can be magical! What a positive message here!
There are in-game achievements which increase the longevity of Vroom in the Night Sky, though not by much. However, within these achievements are unlockables such as new stages and even new vehicles. And this is where Vroom in the Night Sky shines: its utter silliness. I happened across a “magical airplane” while working on getting a time trial achievement, and I sped through everything in literally thirty seconds, complete with jerky movement and dodging buildings. Since objects are static, I just kept plowing into trees and bridges as they stood stationary, my only penalty being a scant few gasoline points and stardust reduction. You can also unlock a bench, a car, and even a broom (because you know what magical girls are, right?), which oddly enough are more fun to control than any of the bikes or motorcycles you can buy. The special vehicles are wonky, unwieldy, and super-fast, and these make the larger yet plain stages much more tolerable when you can zip around on a park bench. There was even a level simply named “The Sky”, with airplanes made up of more airplanes.
IT’S A FREAKING MAGICAL CAR! Man, this magical overload is top-notch!
The general translation is unintentionally entertaining as well. While it is serviceable, and some of it gets in the way of its own fun, there are a lot of translation errors that end up making the game pretty cheesy (such as “gotten stardust” instead of literally any other word at the results screen or the available “Magical Naked” bike in the shop). In addition to the inconsistent translation on in-game menus, there are also some conversations on the side of the screen that play out while you race; the three characters spout out some incomprehensible nonsense that really needs to be seen to be believed. They have no bearing on the stage itself, but I have to admit, the non-sequiturs really had me chuckling. The whole thing almost reached Katamari Damacy levels of zaniness, and I really wished Poisoft embraced this type of silliness rather than shy away from it.
This is hilarious considering that there are no camels or cacti here.
While Vroom in the Night Sky isn’t a spectacular game, there’s no denying that I had some fun with it for the short-lived time I spent with the title. I just wish it could be more over-the-top with its presentation rather than dull and unoriginal for most of the ride.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 181 source=c4 split=train =====
Event presented by the Center for Critical Race Studies and InterActions Journal includes keynotes by artist/activist Edxie Betts and Michelle Téllez of the University of Arizona, May 18.
InterActions, the UCLA Journal of Education and Information Studies, and the Center for Critical Race Studies will host “Visions of Justice & Liberation: How Do We Get Free Through Education and Technological Practices?” on May 18, 9 a.m. – 5 p.m. at Campbell Hall, Rm. 1101. The symposium will include keynotes by Edxie Betts, a multiracial and trans artist, activist, and cultural producer, and Michelle Téllez, assistant professor of Mexican-American Studies at the University of Arizona.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 182 source=c4 split=train =====
Getting your wedding rings personalized ensures that you have the ability to pick any style from traditional models to special designs – and make sure the wedding rings suits completely with your style. To help you get a model, we have a wide selection concerning light pink wedding rings on display as possible take on to obtain an idea of what design fits your personality. You are able to choose one of several beautiful styles or you can personalize your own exclusive design.
Because almost all wedding rings are could be made to order, any specific design can be possible to design. You possibly can design your own personal unique light pink wedding rings or based on several popular styles on display to assist you to decide. You are able to choose from numerous dimensions, models and polishs, and from a comprehensive range of stone bands which can be customized to fits or matches your right style. Many models are possible, from basic bands to exclusive bands concerning gemstone, engraving or a variety of metals. The expert jeweller can add any model and characteristics, for instance diamonds, after you have finished making the rings and may also make certain the wedding rings matches perfectly along with your personality, even if it's with an exclusive model.
No matter where you decide on to buy your wedding rings, locating a pair that matches you and your love is very valuable. Your special moment is just a once in a lifetime event, and a day it is essential to cherish forever. Get the appropriate set of light pink wedding rings and you will truly have a permanently reminder of your respective motivation together, bands that may match equally husband and wife. Discover our unique personalize wedding rings to locate a really original and wonderful ring created by expert. Famous design promises a truly wonderful band installing of the amazing milestone occasion.
First choice is to possess your wedding rings hand made by one of talented designers. Get from these wide variety of amazing models or develop your own amazing designs. Another preference is to discuss the initial and romantic experience with creating each other's light pink wedding rings under the help and advice of a professional jewellers. Designing and making a ring your love being a remarkable expression of love is probably the absolute most beautiful gesture you are possible to create.
Light pink wedding rings can be bought in numerous styles. You may possibly select to obtain matching designs or variations that show the personality. The wedding rings is the expression that the person is married. The right ring could be chosen for model of the ring or character of the person. You are able to explore our variety wedding rings models on display to assist you decide or, as an alternative, you can bring in your own designs or images and the professional can customize sketches of varied models and choices.
You will find plenty of gorgeous wedding rings ready to get discovered. Expand your wedding rings exploration to provide numerous variations and soon you get one that you are feeling matches and suits your model perfectly. When you are on the search for light pink wedding rings, have a look at these styles for ideas. Shopping on the online store is nearly always more affordable than shopping at a mortar and brick store. It is easy to shop simpler getting the best wedding rings is really a few clicks away. Explore our choice of gorgeous light pink wedding rings today, and discover a suitable wedding rings based on your style.
Right after you choose wedding rings planning, you will need to decide on the variety of jewelry metal for the light pink wedding rings. You may prefer a specific color of jewelry material (white, yellow, or rose), or even a particular kind of material (palladium, platinum, or gold). Check out what jewelry that you usually put on to get ideas. Platinum, white gold, silver, and palladium are typical silvery-white and also pretty much similar in hue. For a rose or red color, choose rose gold. To get a golden look, pick yellow gold.
To choose wedding rings, you should to decide on a model, element, as well as ring measurement. You'll possibly devote many of your attention at these inspiration towards selecting a correct wedding rings. The advantage of buying your light pink wedding rings from an e-commerce jeweler is the widened access you can band models. Most of them provide several ring model and if they don't really have a model that you prefer, they can create the band style that designed for you.
To find the best light pink wedding rings, look into the things that fits your lifestyle and personality. Together with your budget and quality, your individual style will be the important concerns that should suggest your selection of wedding rings. Listed below are advice and recommendations which match and suit your personality or character with popular design of wedding rings. When picking an ideal wedding rings design, there are many styles and characteristics to choose. Take into account today's most preferred design and style, in addition to those which suit your style and personality. Find out about the possibilities for your center gemstone setting, additional gemstone placing, ring, and final details.
Light pink wedding rings can be more than a fashion prestige. It is usually reflection of an existence of the couple will soon be caring, managing and the adventure they're trying to achieve. Then when looking at a wide variety of wedding rings pieces, decide on a thing that you naturally feel express the love you share, as well as the personality of the bride and groom. Explore a number of wedding rings to find the right band for you and your love. You can find modern, classic, standard, and more. You can shop around by metal to find white gold, yellow gold, platinum, rose gold, and more. You can even shop around by stone setting to see wedding rings with gemstones and diamonds of shapes and colors.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 183 source=c4 split=train =====
If you're looking for a quiet neighborhood with little street congestion, Chinatown is not your place!
Home to the highest concentration of Chinese people in the Western Hemisphere, this area of Lower Manhattan is an immersive cultural experience.
The neighborhood borders the Lower East Side to the east, Little Italy to the north, Tribeca to the West and Civic Center to the south.
Residents range from newcomers looking for affordable downtown living to longtime residents who have been there for generations.
Although tourists and vendors pack the busy sidewalks, it has an overall community-driven feel thanks to the longtime residents.
Although the area is dominated by older walk-up buildings, new condo developments have popped up in recent years.
The majority of Chinatown's real estate consists of walk-ups, though some condos have popped up in recent years near the neighborhood's borders.
The walk-ups are typically located above restaurants and shops and have limited space available.
They are owned by mom and pop landlords, not major developers, so those looking to move to the area will not get the frills and amenities of a luxury building.
Pro-tip: Walk-up apartments located on higher floors tend to rent for a little less than those on lower floors.
The most affordable area to look is between the Manhattan and Brooklyn Bridge, closer to the water.
The costs go up on streets closer to the touristy areas (Delancey St and Mott and Mulberry St).
Although the narrow streets of Chinatown are great for wandering, there is also a number of public transit options for residents.
Its unique location allows residents to commute to other areas of the city with ease.
Multiple subways lines converge around Canal Street.
The neighborhood is also convenient for Brooklyn-working residents since the Manhattan Bridge connects Chinatown to Downtown Brooklyn.
There are multiple bike lanes in the Chinatown neighborhood. Many bikers prefer to cruise along the East River, which runs parallel to FDR Drive.
There is a pedestrian walkway and bike path leading to that area. The city has recently installed some bicycle and pedestrian improvements.
Forsyth St and Canal St.
There is no shortage of amazing noodle shops in this neighborhood, but one that has locals hooked is Bassanova Ramen, This New York Times acclaimed basement noodle den is hard to spot unless you know what you're looking for.
Other famous spots in Chinatown include Joe's Shanghai for dumplings, Dim Sum Go Go for a large selection of dim sum, and Mission Chinese Food for modern Chinese food.
Chinatown is not only good for noodles and dim sum. It houses some of the best dessert cafe's and tea houses in the city!
For dessert, try Chinatown Ice Cream Factory for homemade scoops topped with Asian candies!
Sweet Moment serves up some of the most funky and creatively delicious treats in all of NYC.
Silk Road Cafe serves up some of the best coffees, teas and pastry treats in the area.
If you're a cat lover, head over to Meow Parlour and enjoy a cup of joe with some (adoptable) furry friends.
Chinatown is huge on maintaining its core identity and preserving tradition.
For this reason, one of the most popular destinations for residents and tourists is the Museum of Chinese in America.
Most cultural institutions like museums and art galleries are located more toward the Lower East Side.
Mahayana Temple Buddhist Association is NYC's largest Buddhist temple.
If you're looking to have the most exciting (and possibly overwhelming) shopping experience of your life, Canal Street is the street.
They have it all. But get ready to haggle vendors for your favorite knock-off designer purse or accessory.
Nightlife is slow and steady in Chinatown and locals usually head to Little Italy, Soho or Tribeca if they are looking for a dancing venue or trendy hangout.
Locals do however frequent 169 Bar if they are looking for a cheap $3 beer or relaxed vibes with DJ who spin new wave.
The schools in Chinatown are part of District #2.
The few public schools in this neighborhood are above average and many of them cater to non-English speaking students.
How Safe is the Chinatown Neighborhood?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 184 source=c4 split=train =====
Category: Councils - John Deasy T.D.
Deputy John Deasy asked the Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport the amount of funding each local authority in County Waterford has received from his Department under the transport capital investment programme’s roads sub-programme in each of the past six years.
Deputy Deasy asked the Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport the amount of funding each local authority in County Waterford has received from his Department under the non-national roads grants programme in each of the past six years.
Deputy Deasy asked the Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport the amount of funding each local authority in County Waterford has received from his Department under the national roads programme in each of the past seven years.
Replies from Minister Leo Varadkar: (I propose to answer questions 1087 ,1090 and 1091 together.) Details of funding for regional and local roads provided by my Department to local authorities in County Waterford are outlined in the regional and local road payment booklets available in the Dáil Library.
With regard to national roads, details of the allocations to each local authorities are also available in the Dail library. However, details of the actual drawdowns for these roads are a matter for the National Roads Authority.
Noting the above position, I have referred the Deputy’s question to the NRA for direct reply. Please advise my private office if you don’t receive a reply within 10 working days.
Deputy John Deasy asked the Minister for the Environment, Community and Local Government the amount of motor tax collected for each of the past 10 years; and if he will list each of the different categories of motor taxation.
>> Click here to read the reply from Minister Phil Hogan.
Deputy John Deasy asked the Minister for the Environment, Community and Local Government if he will outline the process involved in resetting the different commercial rate levels once town councils are abolished and local authorities are amalgamated.
Reply from Minister Phil Hogan: The Government’s Action Programme for Effective Local Government, Putting People First, indicates that in the context of reorganisation of local governance structures, the proposed new municipal districts will provide an opportunity to achieve a more coherent approach to rates and charges on a county-wide basis, having regard to funding requirements and the need to support employment and business competitiveness.
The Action Programme proposes rates harmonisation to cater for differences between Annual Rates on Valuation (ARVs) of towns and counties. My approach to rates harmonisation will seek to ensure, on the one hand, that harmonisation does not lead to significant net loss of revenue in individual counties with consequential implications for services, and on the other hand, that increases in rates do not impact negatively on businesses and employment. Definitive details, arrangements and procedures in relation to the funding of district level functions, and financial relations between district and county levels, will be developed in the context of the new local government funding arrangements generally, implementation of the new sub-county system and preparation of the legislation in relation to the reform programme.
Deputy John Deasy asked the Minister for the Environment, Community and Local Government the average time it is taking to process an appeal in An Bord Pleanála; and if he will differentiate between appeals against larger and smaller developments.
Written reply received from Minister of State Jan O'Sullivan: The average time taken to process an appeal in An Bord Pleanála in 2012 was 23 weeks with 36% of appeals disposed of within the 18-week statutory objective period. The breakdown sought between larger and smaller developments is not available in my Department.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 185 source=c4 split=train =====
BikeBandit.com offers thousands of 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) OEM parts to repair or restore your 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) to original factory condition. Navigate your 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) schematics below to shop OEM parts by detailed schematic diagrams offered for every assembly on your machine.
OEM is an acronym for original equipment manufacturer, which means that the 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) OEM parts offered at BikeBandit.com are genuine Polaris parts. Genuine parts give 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) owners the ability to repair or restore a broken down or damaged machine back to the condition it first appeared in on the showroom floor. Our detailed 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) schematic diagrams make it easy to find the right OEM part the first time, whether you’re looking for individual parts or an entire assembly.
BikeBandit.com is the Web's Largest Powersports Store with more than 8 million factory fresh motorcycle parts and accessories online, so of course we have the most up to date schematic diagrams of your 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) for you to shop. Whether you’re looking to make simple repairs or completely restore your old machine back to factory condition, we have the 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) OEM parts you need to get riding.
We know when you order your 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) OEM parts you want it now, so BikeBandit.com has developed the best online real-time order tracking system in the powersports industry. You can keep track of every step of your order at BikeBandit.com and once it has been shipped, we provide package tracking information from UPS, FedEx or USPS so you know exactly when your 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) OEM parts will arrive.
For fast shipping on any 2015 Polaris Sportsman 570 EFI A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD FRONT PROP SHAFT - A15SEA57AA/AC/AD/LD (49ATVSHAFTPROP08SP500A) OEM part, with the highest possible level of customer service, choose BikeBandit.com.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 186 source=c4 split=train =====
Pictures taken on top of Bill's immaculate rack!
Trey, have you heard the lsim 705?
Curious how a modded 15 would stack up with a 705.
Having heard the LSi9 modified in person I would say a LSi15 modified would hold its own against the LSiM705.
Now if you were modify the LSiM705... game over I am afraid. Those speakers modified would be a force to reckon with for sure.
- were you / the customer ultimately happy with the improvement in sound from this upgrade?
- do you offer assembled crossover upgrades for owners to install in their Lsi15 cabinets? I picked up my speakers locally and can't imagine packing them up and shipping somewhere both ways (for both cost and TLC reasons ). Have you done more of this mod since your last post?
Funny, my speakers have mismatched finish - one is ebony the other cherry. My brother is a carpenter and does fine cabinetry so I'm enlisting his help to replace the wood panels on both speakers so they will match. Any advice on that mod, as far as avoiding altering sonic qualities by using different kinds of wood, or on mounting materials and methods?
Will talk more in email!
I like! Since I just acquired a pair of LSi15, I have my sights on XO upgrade.
The LSi series responds to upgrades very well!
I finally shoe horned these bad boys in last night. Looking forward to giving them a listen tonight. Wonder how long it will take for them to break in.
So far so good. I can definitely hear a difference. Can't wait until they are broken in more.
Definitely was not an easy space to get to but it was worth the effort.
Does extremely low volume count? I work nights and sleep during the day.
Reporting back after these have had some time to break in (~300 hours). These speakers have definitely been transformed. All for the better. More detailed, accurate and efficient if that is possible. I can't really give a quantitive evaluation of improvement because I made some changes to my setup during the break in. A major one being the use of a different DAC (NAD M51) than my Oppo 105 and another is the addition of heavy curtains to cover the reflective window surfaces in the room. Currently I have no room treatments but that is an eventuality.
If anyone is considering a Vr3 crossover upgrade it is well worth it in my opinion. Excellent communication, with progress reports and pictures. Top notch service and support. The quality of these can be seen in the pictures contained in this thread. These crossovers were well worth the money spent. I wanted to upgrade but didn't want to have to deal with selling/buying more speakers. Not to mention I wasn't looking forward to lugging these back down from the 3rd floor.
I appreciate the kind words Thank you again!
No problem. You deserve them. Thank You!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 187 source=c4 split=train =====
There’s lots of flowy elongated outfits in chiffon seems to be the material of choice in the BCBGMAXAZRIA collection. We like the layering of chiffon in tonal palette and flashes of bright colours for contrast. The pieces can be worn individually and also offers lots of different ways to wear it.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 188 source=c4 split=train =====
Elegant purple, amazingly feminine design and shine of eye-catching see through mesh body. This Purple Triangle Cup Mesh Babydoll Cut Out G-String Plus is more than a outfit. It's a tempting invitation to an incredibly delightful night! Accept it and take your beloved with you. There's plenty of exciting time ahead of you!
It features adjustable halter straps at the back which help to shape an alluring cut out back look yo you.
Combination its triangle cup with floral lace trim with semi-transparent flutter mesh body really maximize your beauty.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 189 source=c4 split=train =====
We are pleased to announce that Hawaiian Airlines is hiring Japanese speaking Flight Attendant to join our ‘ohana. We will be conducting interviews to identify bilingual (Japanese and English) candidates to attend Flight Attendant training classes scheduled to begin on Sunday, February 3, 2019 and Sunday, April 7, 2019. Candidates must be able to proficiently speak, read (katakana, hiragana & kanji), and translate Japanese. All dates, times, locations and details are subject to change based on operational needs.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 190 source=c4 split=train =====
The City of Detroit is bankrupt but it is not the same with the car companies in it. The three biggest car makers in Detroit are far from being bankrupt. Ford Motor reported earning second quarter profit of $1.23 billion, which is up 19 percent despite getting heavy losses in Europe. The company said that the losses will be less this year compared to last year.
General Motors is set to release its second quarter report tomorrow. Analysts have estimated its results to be positive as well. The Chrysler Group said that it will have a net profit of $2.2 billion in the present fiscal year.
GM has been earning profits because it continues to bring out new products every year. The company is now at the early stages of a large new-model blitz. It has launched a redesigned Chevrolet Corvette and will be releasing new models of Chevy Silverado, GMC Sierra, Chevy Impala, and 15 other vehicles within the year. GM’s North American President Mark Reuss said that it is the biggest bunch of new models in the company’s history.
GM has one of the oldest lineups on the market last year. It will change once the company launches its new models. And consumers will definitely buy the new cars from GM, based on the success of the Cadillac ATS.
By this same period next year, GM will have the newest cars on the market. This is the reason why Goldman Sachs Group Inc. placed GM on the Americas Conviction Buy list, instead of Ford. The firm predicts that GM’s shares will increase to $45 in 2014 from the present mid to high $30s.
Ford and GM have been getting good profit margins. In North America last year, GM had a profit margin of 7.6 percent, while Ford had 10.4 percent. GM’s profit margin would grow more in the next year due to its plan to launch new versions of its cars and trucks in North America in the next three years.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 191 source=c4 split=train =====
Our PTO is made up of a number of committees, and we would love to have you join us! Not sure which one you’d like to be a part of? Contact us here for more information!
Or Fill in the Blank! We are ALWAYS up for new ideas!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 192 source=c4 split=train =====
We're obsessed with customer success, which means every customer gets free, live training and onboarding.
We believe quality support should never be an upsell. If you're a customer, we're here to help.
I know what I'm doing. Can I self-serve purchase a subscription?
We find that our customers are more successful when we demo the product first. However, if you'd rather not get a demo or you already have experience with Clearscope, you can subscribe to our 'Professional' plan here.
There's no minimum contract with our monthly plans. Cancel anytime without penalty or hassle.
Can Clearscope support content teams with in-house and outsourced members?
Absolutely. You can invite team members to your organization and our content reports can easily be shared with 3rd parties with a link (think Google Docs).
What are my payment options? Can I pay via invoice/ACH/check?
You can use a credit card to pay for any plan. If you purchase a yearly plan, we can invoice you annually. Please contact us for more details.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 193 source=c4 split=train =====
A discursive essay is an expositive/argumentative piece of writing which tackles a particular issue, situation or perhaps problem. There are basically three types of discursive works: a) For and Against; b) Opinion; and c) Solutions to Problems. William Zinsser (Writing to Learn, Collins, 1989) teaches that clear writing is the logical arrangement of thought. One of the most difficult things about writing is how to organize happen to be thoughts. One idea need to lead and link to another. In other words, we are talking about accordance and consistency. To be continual, we need to plan our writing. And the best way to do this is by using a framework. No doubt, framework increases the quality of innovative output. So , plans/frameworks and templates are valuable tools in helping to reduce complex complications into their component intellectual parts. But it is important to recognize, with Zinsser, that writing shows writing, that is, writing organizes and clarifies are thoughts.
Avtohlamu - Lyst marina rinaldi plus alessia sweater in black. Buy marina rinaldi women's black plus alessia sweater similar products also available sale now on!. Marina rinaldi designer plus size clothing for women. Shop online for marina rinaldi designer plus size clothing for women free shipping & free returns for loyallists or most orders over $150! bloomingdale's like no other store in the world. Marina rinaldi world official online store. Discover the collections and latest news from the world of marina rinaldi shop the official online store and preview all new collections. : marina rinaldi plus size. Persona by marina rinaldi womens belfast suede top plus size navy 14,16 by persona by marina rinaldi $ $ 53 00 free shipping on eligible orders persona by marina rinaldi womens auguri sweater plus size medium, extra large by persona by marina rinaldi $ $ 43 00 $5 95 shipping marina rinaldi women's ortensia straight skirt black. Marina rinaldi plus alessia sweater in black lyst. Buy marina rinaldi women's black plus alessia jumper similar products also available sale now on!. Marina rinaldi cardigan plus size sweaters for women ebay. Get the best deal for marina rinaldi cardigan plus size sweaters for women from the largest online selection at browse your favorite brands affordable prices free shipping on many items. Marina rinaldi plus size sweaters for women ebay. Get the best deal for marina rinaldi plus size sweaters for women from the largest online selection at browse your favorite brands affordable prices free shipping on many items. Marina rinaldi nordstrom. Shop for marina rinaldi at free shipping free returns all the time skip navigation main content home all results; show category show size show color show price marina rinaldi aereo sweater plus size $ marina rinaldi gabri knit dress plus size $ new! marina rinaldi flicorno mixed print shirt plus. Marina rinaldi designer plus size clothing at beigeplus. Marina rinaldi fashion dresses, jackets, trousers, tops discover why marina rinaldi is famed for pioneering the plus size clothing industry at beigeplus! the stunning elegant designs that marina rinaldi produce are a popular choice for celebrities including adele and queen latifah. Plus size clothing for women marina rinaldi usa. The fall winter 2016 2017 collection of plus size clothing for women visit the marina rinaldi online store and discover new lines and colors.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 194 source=c4 split=train =====
Imagine lying awake at night listening to your brand new Las Vegas golf course home cracking or needing to replace the roof on your new home even before you replace its light bulbs. This isn’t a science fiction thriller – this is reality for some homeowners of newly-built homes.
The scenario doesn’t stop there – some homeowners are forced to move out only months after moving in (thanks to toxic mold growing in their new home). You see, you don’t have to own an older home to experience defects or problems – they can also happen in newly-built homes.
Bottom line: Despite what many people think, a home inspection is a must – even when you’re buying a newly-built home. An inspection by a reputable, licensed building inspector (the state of Nevada requires all inspectors to be licensed (NAHI)) will help you avoid buying one of the 17% of new homes with significant defects.
It’s also a good idea to get another home inspection (in addition to the one you got before you bought your home) just before the builder’s warranty expires. Since some problems don’t show up until the home is one or two years old, any problems that come up can be fixed at the builder’s expense as long as you catch them before the warranty is up.
During the height of the real estate boom, builders and sub-contractors wanted to build as many homes as possible to keep up with the red-hot demand – at times sacrificing quality in the process and resulting in homes with defects. Some of those homes are now being resold, and if the defects weren’t addressed, they’re probably now worse. Plus new problems may have developed and they’re all expensive to fix. Bottom line: When you’re buying a resale Las Vegas home (whether it’s two years or 100 years old) you should get a home inspection.
What happens if you have an unsatisfactory home inspection?
After you sign your purchase agreement, you have ten days to get a home inspection. You can specify in the purchase agreement that your offer is contingent upon a satisfactory home inspection – that means that if the home’s inspection is unsatisfactory, then the deal is off (or the price can be negotiated lower to reflect repair costs). This can save you many headaches (and money) in the future.
If you’re about to sell your Las Vegas home, then a home inspection before you list is a good idea too. An inspection can make you aware of any problems and give you time to fix them. It may also prevent a sales deal from falling through (something you don’t want in today’s tough real estate market).
For these reasons (and more) getting professional help to buy (or sell) your Las Vegas home is important. Call us at (702) 376-7379 or contact us at www.shelterrealty.com.
NAHI closed its doors last August 2016 and their website went dark in September 2016. Here is a great article on What Happened to NAHI.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 195 source=c4 split=train =====
Gold. Oil. Filming. Disasters. Santa Clarita Valley: Birthplace of California History.
Please make your tax-deductible donation to the Santa Clarita Valley Historical Society today. Your gift is instant & secure.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 196 source=c4 split=train =====
Transformation of museum architecture in South Africa : towards the design of a children's musuem for the city of Durban.
For the most part learning in museums was by inert looking and listening and not by doing. For a long time traditional ideas of museums were conceptualized on an adult audience and children were expected to enjoy the museum going experience like they were adults. Museum architecture and planning responded more to grown-ups whilst children's needs and their engagement at a museum experience were never considered (see Macdonald, 1996: 2; Fyfe, 2006:5). Museums are at a very exciting juncture in their history and this study has examined these intricate relationships both internationally and locally. The findings is that museums, especially in some developing nations like South Africa have been rather slow to keep abreast with new emerging trends which focus on child education and how children learn in and from museums. This study puts forward the notion of a new museum archetype for Durban, a Children's Museum, re-interpreting conventional ideas of museums to one which places children and the community at the centre instead of the artifacts. In other words "museums are about somebody rather than about something" (Cleaver, 1992:21). Without a doubt children learn through play (Harris et al, 2003). Children view their spatial and social environments as a playground of knowledge, a place to see, touch, feel, taste, listen to, socialize with and learn from. They see the big world very differently as compared to adults and attach and take different meanings and experiences from and to people, to forms, places, spaces and things. Very important is the symbiotic relationship between children and the natural environment. Nature provides children with countless of natural toys interesting textures in the form of stones, leaves and twigs and sensory stimuli in sounds and sensations. This means that the way children learn through play the methods of facilitating this process and the built and natural environments where learning may take place needs to be interconnected. The position taken in responding through design is that there needs to be a holistic approach in responding to the social, cognitive and multi-intelligences in the development of children. This then suggests that the architecture and the landscape need to be integrated. Considering the close knit relationship children have with nature, the concept for the design of the museum draws from traditional African culture and spatial planning. The concept is based on the idea of PALAVER which in African culture is a traditional place of gathering in the shade of a prominent tree canopy somewhere in the village where villagers get to be heard, where they are able to express themselves freely without prejudice on life and on village problems. The design concept builds on this idea drawing from context interpreting this idea of a Palaver Tree to mean a roof of a building under which freedom of expression and exchange of ideas can take place. Hence the form of the building draws on clues from the majestic baobab of Africa, the elegance of the tenere tree and the qualities of a forest canopy. Considering the close link between children and nature and the ways in which children learn from the environment, teaching children about saving the planet, the symbolic imagery and qualities of a tree is an appropriate response in creating a place meant for kids. Moreover, the changing qualities of light through the leaves of trees are a subtle but most effective sensory experience which the design of the new children's museum tries to emulate. In parts of Africa, unlike western ideologies the museum is richly connected to the people and to the communities in which they exist. In fact it’s safe to say that the museum experience was part of everyday life.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 197 source=c4 split=train =====
When you are on the market for a new car, it can be hard to choose between brands. There is, in truth, so much going for so many different badges, it can be difficult to know what is best. What’s more, it doesn’t help that the advice that you hear from others is always so contradictory. Everybody has their opinion, of course, and that’s just as it should be. But amidst all that, it can be difficult to know what is fact and what is conjecture. One brand which has long been a staple of the motor industry is Nissan. This Japanese car maker has been creating interesting and unique little cars for a few decades. One of their main attributes is that they always seem to surprise and delight with their latest additions. No matter what they try their hand at, there is always a new twist on an old trend – or a classic design, re-moulded onto a modern frame. If you are looking for a new car, Nissan might be a good option. But why is that? To answer that question, let’s take a look at three top reasons you should think about getting your hands on a Nissan.
If you are keen to save a little money here and there, then this is one way in which Nissan might be able to offer you a fine choice. Nissan’s cars are famed for being economical to run, and this is something which hasn’t changed in recent years either. But it’s not just about the running costs. Upfront cost is a major determining factor for many motorists, and Nissan are able to offer something there too. Nissan offer affordable models, time and again, though they do also have higher-range options for those who wish to go that way. What’s more, this is one of the cheaper brands for when something goes wrong or needs replacing. Nissan car tyres, for example, are relatively inexpensive compared to their counterparts.
Price isn’t the only thing which motorists care about. If it were, the world of driving would be a whole other thing altogether. One major thing of importance for many people is that the car they are driving is up-to-date. With Nissan, this is rarely going to be a problem for such people. Japanese cars in general have a reputation for being as up-to-date as you can get – and Nissan fit right in with that stereotype. Both their electricals and interior features are the best modern options available.
Looks aren’t everything, of course – but they are far more than nothing. With Nissan’s cars, you often have both style and luxury, and this is something which many drivers find important. Nissan’s models are often innovative designs which speak to the very heart of motor design. With their own distinctive and unique flair, these are vehicles which have an entire way of their own. And that is worth something. A well-presented car is one which you are probably much happier to be seen driving.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 198 source=c4 split=train =====
Atomic Motel in Astoria, Oregon.
Astoria has quickly become the go to destination for travelers to the Oregon Coast. The growing food, beer and art scene draws visitors, while others come to enjoy the shopping, and rich history of the oldest American settlement west of the Rocky Mountains.
We feel that the Atomic Motel is the best place to affordably enjoy all that Astoria has to offer. If you would prefer to spend your travel budget on sightseeing and enjoying the restaurants and shops, then the Atomic should be your hotel of choice.
To find out more about Astoria, Oregon and our museums, River Walk, food and drink options, activities, movies filmed here and other business information, we invite you to visit www.astoriaoregon.com.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 199 source=c4 split=train =====
Let’s face it – nothing beats the feeling of a soft blanket that is ready to ‘hug’ you and dry you after a warm bath or a quick shower.
Aside from this, the best bath towels and towel sets can create a statement in your bathroom if aligned properly. This way, they can fit any contemporary style and timeless luxury. The good thing is that nowadays, there is a wide range of fashionable colors to designs, and finding the perfect towel set is quite easy.
Another great thing about bath towels is that there are many different materials which offer thickness, softness and easy drying. Aside from cotton, there are materials like bamboo cotton, used cotton and sea cell in different colors, weights and textures.
No matter what your interior style looks like, we are rounding up the best bath towels and towel sets fro you – in a palette of colors and different designs.
These are one of the best bath towels in 2018 with many reviews.
They are made of 100% high quality cotton and are imported. The set includes two bath towels, two hand towels and two wash clothes.
If you are looking for a specific color, there is a palette of 10 different ones to choose from. Made from heavyweight Egyptian cotton, the softness, absorbency and durability of these products are great.
Machine washable and dryable, they are meant to be washed separately on first use and won’t change their looks, feels and performance. Manufactured with OEKO-TEX Standard 100 factory, these bath towels have a certification system that ensures that they meet high safety and environmental standards.
Looking for the perfect towel set?
This is one of the bestselling towel sets and a quality collection that is available in seven different colors.
The set is made from 100% cotton and includes six main pieces – (2) 54 x 30 inch bath towels, (2) 26 x 16 inch hand towels, and (2) 12 x 12 inch washcloths.
Softness, tear-resistance and strength are one of the main features of this set – designed with a classic and simple pique border. The colors are vivid and fade-resistant, all thanks to the OEKO-TEX certification which ensures textiles meet high safety and environmental standards.
These bath towels are soft, absorbent and durable – made from Brooklyn Bamboo and perfect for different needs.
They also dry faster than cotton towels and are made of premium quality organic bamboo that is hypoallergenic, 100% non-toxic and anti-fungal.
According to most of the reviews (and the manufacturer’s note), these towels also get softer after each wash which is a big plus too.
The set basically includes three different bath towels which measure 27.6 by 55.1 inch each, making them ideal for wrapping yourself around one. They are lightweight, not too thin and won’t fall apart.
Is cranberry your ideal color for a bath set?
With the Luxury Hotel and Spa Towel sets, you can choose it as well as other colors including white, wedgewood, grey and beige.
The towels are made of 35% natural organic bamboo and 65% Turkish cotton. You can choose from a set of four, set of six or any other alternative you want.
They are soft and mimic the softness of cashmere with an absorbency that surpasses cotton.
According to the reviews, they are purchased by large 5-star hotels internationally – and are safe for families, guests and anyone looking for a soft, plush and silky towel set.
Available in white and gray, these are some of the best bath towels out there on the market.
The towel set comes as fully complete – including eight pieces with two bath towels, two hand towels and four washcloths.
The ultra absorbent, soft, quick-dry and lightweight twist fibers will take away the moisture from your body or face – and fit the washing machine with ease.
When it comes to dimensions, the Bath towels measure 55 x 28 inches, hand towels are 24 x 16 inches each and the washcloths measure 12 x 12 inches.
In the end, buying towels online may be a tricky decision for many people. However, all of the best bath towels and sets mentioned above are praised with 5-star reviews and used by millions of people around the world.
Plus, the convenience of receiving fast and reliable shipping makes shopping great – and using these bath towels more amazing.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 200 source=c4 split=train =====
Make a reservation for next Divan: in Beogradska Street no. 11 in Petrovaradin on 7 August from 7 p.m. The focus of this Divan are Historic Urban Landscapes – parts of the city that represent specific history, questions on their protection and development.
We will discuss to which extent we can protect them, how to protect not only individual buildings but urban structure, specific atmosphere, different memories and social relations which comprise these quarters; how to enable reasonable and sustainable economic and touristic development of these places, with preservation of public spaces and interest, how to manage these spaces through cooperation of different sectors with participations of citizens being interested.
Everyone interested can join our upcoming Divan by filling in the application.
Divan is implemented in the ‘Prostor’, a new cultural place in Petrovaradin and within the ‘Case Petrovaradin’ project and International Summer Academy on Managing Historic Urban Landscapes that will be held in the Suburbium of Petrovaradin Fotress from 6 until 13 August. During the Academy, 30 young experts from 26 countries and 5 continents will work in Petrovaradin with the help of local experts and leading practitioners and theoreticians for managing historic urban landscapes across Europe. Through their onsite work, they will design scenarios of development, projects and recommendations for the area of Petrovaradin Fortress and its Suburbium.
‘Case Petrovaradin’ project is implemented by the Europa Nostra Serbia, Institute for Protection of Cultural Monuments of Novi Sad and Faculty for Sport and Tourism Novi Sad, in partnership with international organisations Edinburgh World Heritage, Europa Nostra and Global Observatory on the Historic Urban Landscapes under the auspices of UNESCO. The project is implemented within the European Year of Cultural Heritage 2018 and is financially supported by The Headley Trust British Foundation and ‘Novi Sad 2021’ Foundation.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 201 source=c4 split=train =====
Shell has permission to drill off the coast of Alaska, but other oil companies are warning of potentially harmful long-term consequences.
Shell has received the final permits to drill off the coast of Alaska, courtesy of the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE). Many in the oil industry are timid, citing the many high risks involved from both a business and environmental perspective. One expert even predicts that oil demand is set for a long-term decline. If that's true, drilling in the Arctic would be an epic miscalculation — and a poor business decision.
Former BP executive John Browne has publicly warned Shell of the potentially disastrous consequences of their decision, saying, “I think you’ve got to be careful what you do, and cost includes your long-term reputation.” In reply, Shell CEO Ben van Beurden says he has been on a “personal journey” in deciding whether or not to drill, although precisely what this personal journey consisted of has not been disclosed.
Shell and the BSEE are adamant that they will be mindful of the risks. It’s possible that they are more fearful of bad PR than hurting the environment, and that they are taking this risk because of the possibility of a big payday. If cartoons and stereotypes have taught us anything, it’s that oil people love money. But what if the prospector only thinks he has struck black gold, when in fact it’s a resource rapidly decreasing in value?
Amory Lovins, an oil industry expert for over 40 years, suspects that we are currently at our height in terms of how much oil we use and that there is nowhere to go but down. There are many factors at play, from young people’s disinterest in owning a car to increased fuel efficiency. The previous dynamic of more demand than supply could very well reverse in the near future.
With BP apprehensive and experts predicting a lower demand for oil, it becomes worrisome that Shell should decide to drill, baby, drill. The long-term environmental and financial consequences will either be pleasantly surprising or an unmitigated disaster. Either way, this is a historical and landmark decision that will have ramifications for generations to come.
Aside from politics, photographic artist Edward Burtynsky is fascinated by the history of oil prospecting. Here he takes us on a tour of some of his most arresting photos.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 202 source=c4 split=train =====
Possibilities are endless when you are looking to put together a new web design. Your options can vary from a single page website design, a corporate web site, a custom design for your Ecommerce or Content Managed web site, an Email Newsletter Template all the way to a Mobile Friendly Responsive Design.
Did you need a process simplified or do you have a great idea and a custom built web or mobile application would be a good fit? You don’t have the expertise and you are looking for a detail focused group of people to execute and bring your idea to life. Find out more about our Web and App Development Process here.
You just started a new business, or maybe you want to update or re-brand your current company image. Maybe you have an awesome new product idea you want to bring to market. So, you need a logo design or maybe a run through the whole gamut of Business Cards, Brochures, Catalogues or even Advertisements.
Casting your products in the best possible light is an important part of the formula. The right Copy Writing, Photography and/or Video can make or break a great product or service. That’s why it is so important to make sure every detail is carefully constructed.
You want to begin socializing online but have no idea where to start, what to talk about, or how to engage people. You need a good strategy and a bit of training to get you started. Dont be left out of this emerging medium or your brand may be referred to as a dinosaur.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 203 source=c4 split=train =====
The Best Cosplay Photo of 2013 Contest Winners!
Congratulations to SpookyElectric for his first place winning photo of Tomoe and Kenshin!
One of my dream shoots has been the climax of Rurouni Kenshin: Tsuioku-hen. Okitasemi and Mingswly agreed to do a snow snow shoot as Tomoe and Kenshin. Then I thought a perfect compliment to the shoot would be when the two meet. After some discussion of where we could find a wall to splatter blood on while making it rain, I built a Japanese-style wall and we made a bloody mess of my place. Here’s the result. Special thanks to Constants & BigWhiteBazooka for their assistance.
Congratulations to Muze for his second place photo of Tachibana Makoto & Nanase Haruka!
“You may look expressionless but it’s written on your face”. The series is about a boy swim team thus we feel the shoot is fitting for underwater style.
Congratulations to Sergio Aguirre for his third place photo of Pisces Saint!
Honorable mentions to Shiro Ang, BenHardly, Benny Lee, and Paolo Panganiban for their excellent photos! We had some heated debates over this year’s winners and it was extremely difficult to pick. Thanks to everyone who participated! Check back for many more contests throughout the year!
This shot is one of a series of photos from my recent Scooby Doo photoshoot; it was about 4-5 months in planning while I got every member of the gang, including a 100% accurate Mystery Machine from a car builder (Same model of the car). I even scouted a real Great Dane for Scooby from 3 states and 9 hrs of drive away. As for my side, I built two made-shift fog machines so the mist you see is 100% real, and nothing is photoshopped in.
I notice that two of the three winners were “judges picks” for the finalists, and not chosen by the community. I’m not accusing anyone of impropriety or intentional abuse of the system, but I feel like you should know that considering the first round was supposed to be the community’s input on who should win, that having the majority of the winners be judges picks makes it seem like there might be some collusion or at the least, diminishes the importance of the community voting portion of the contest. That being said, everyone who placed and won had great photos, and recognizing those is never a bad thing.
You aren’t the only one who noticed that. Seems a few groups of cosplay photographers are already talking about this.
But honestly, when it’s left to the community you often end up having the most popular photogs/cosplayers win due to their fans. I typically prefer a panel of judges for these kinds of contests, but only if they are professionals that are trying to be as objective as possible.
But I’m not sure if there’s a perfect way to judge who wins the prize for “best” photo. I’m happy with the winners though. Congrats!
could judge on a scale of 10 and just tally the total.
That wasn’t my point, Chinky. I think that having the community pick a winner is a bad idea too. But the rules for this contest stated that up to 5 finalists could be picked by judges on top of the 30 that had the most votes from the first round. If 2 of the 3 winners did not even win the community portion of the contest, what was the point of the community vote?
I’ve brought this concern up before, and though this contest was different from the previous one with an additional layer, this new second layer pretty much nulls the necessity of the first layer which is community-voting (ie whichever photo/model combo has the most facebook followers).
I’ll admit its tough to run a fair and balanced contest nowadays, but its something that all groups should strive do. Letting people go through images one by one and ranking them 1-5 and take the “highest avg” as a winner is one way to do it about it. Another could be each person needs to write in 2/3 lines why “photo x” deserves to win, which would filter out many FB followers who basically fulfill the simple request of “liking” the photo.
I’m rambling on, but congrats to the winners they all have awesome photos.
I don’t give a damn about who won. Shiro Ang has the CLEANEST shot and it’s look damn nice. It’s feels like I’m actually there when I see the photo. It should have won. The others have been edited to death with Photoshop effects.
So are we allowed to submit two photos as one entry like the first place winner in the next contest? Maybe there should be a rule on this, because they are two distinct photos.
The contest never should have been a popularity contest to begin with. They should’ve just had the photos presented. No names of photogs, no watermarks, no individual links to each photo, so the voting could’ve been more fair. Just let viewers vote on the picture itself. Also why was the winning photo allowed two photos stitched into one, while everyone else was limited to one? Also the site admins shouldn’t have been allowed to enter, like any site-based contest (even though they didn’t end up placing anyway).

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 204 source=c4 split=train =====
The Reno Renaissance of the past few years has brought dozens of incredible independently owned restaurants. It seems like a new one opens every couple of months, growing districts like Midtown and the Riverwalk from eclectic neighborhoods into booming cultural hot spots. What a time for Reno food lovers to be alive!
I’ve noted this booming restaurant scene in blogs before, but I’ve barely even tapped into another product of Reno’s vibrant cultural blossoming: the beer! As so many everyday people developed their own local restaurants, so many others turned toward the immensely popular craft beer business. Now we have local breweries popping up all over town, making it impossible to visit them all in one afternoon (that’s not a challenge!).
So let’s dive into some of the most exciting new Reno craft breweries this weekend, perhaps the best weekend to do so in 2018 so far. The Nugget in Sparks is hosting its annual Brew HaHa in the Grand Ballroom on Friday, February 16, at 8 p.m. It’s a gathering of more than 100 breweries, many of them local, some regional and even national. For $50 you get entry with a cup and the chance to taste however many of these delicious beers you can responsibly enjoy. The best part is meeting the brewmasters themselves, asking them what went into their unique version of an IPA or stout. And if you find a local one you like, here’s your game plan for Saturday or Sunday.
As it expands with more and more brewery and distillery locations, you could call the area of Downtown Reno between 4th Street and the Truckee River the Brewery District. One of the first spots to mark this territory is Pigeon Head. The self-described “First Lager Brewery in Reno” has a modern tavern vibe where you can get an inspired pilsner, a German red rye lager, the dark black Lager, a pale lager and more from the brewers themselves. In fact, as you relax and enjoy one of these beers you can see right where the magic happens in Pigeon Head’s wide open brewing area, revealing every step of the beer-making process.
As a testament to Reno’s devotion to craft beer, 4th Street’s Lead Dog Brewery (one of the newest breweries in town) is owned by what’s very likely the youngest brewer in the country. The 21-year-old master brewer makes a great New England IPA, the citrusy Citra Solo IPA, a light blonde ale and a peanut butter stout, among others. Lead Dog, like the other breweries in this district, is lifting the 4th Street area by its bootstraps and elevating the downtown experience. Stop into its tasting room for a flight of record-breaking beers.
Similarly, Under the Rose has become synonymous with local craft beer in recent years and is a featured choice at so many Reno restaurants. The spicy Farmhouse Saison is a favorite, and its seasonal selections like the Jalepenobeer and sour Pumpkinbeer keep things interesting month after month. Stop into its 4th Street tasting room and see what’s new, or try them all!
Last on our tour of the district’s breweries is 2nd Street’s IMBIB Custom Brews. Here you have the award-winning Freshy IPA series (always made with the freshest hops available) and the ultralight and creamy Cutthroat Cream Ale. IMBIB’s taproom has 16 beers on draft and constant events such as happy hours and discounted growler fills. Speaking of, you might want to bring a whole jug of your favorite variety home to share.
The most wonderful thing about craft beer in Reno is that this is just the start. As long as there are beer lovers in Northern Nevada, the city will continue to expand and open up new breweries, pubs, restaurants, you name it. Next time, this tour might take a whole week!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 205 source=c4 split=train =====
sig p320 iwb holster compact sauer p365 review.
sig p320 iwb holster the equalizer sauer p238 kydex.
sig p320 iwb holster compact sauer.
sig p320 iwb holster click on the video below for more information cloak tuck sauer kydex.
sig p320 iwb holster taco c retention concealment compact sauer.
sig p320 iwb holster slim and compact carry sauer leather.
sig p320 iwb holster custom compact best subcompact.
sig p320 iwb holster compact carry retention leather.
sig p320 iwb holster comp m premier hybrid sauer sp2022.
sig p320 iwb holster subcompact kydex.
sig p320 iwb holster store sauer p225.
sig p320 iwb holster concealed carry sauer p229 legion.
sig p320 iwb holster you will receive a that fits the firearm listed in product title patterns on printed shells may vary slightly from images shown sauer rx compact.
sig p320 iwb holster with sauer p225.
sig p320 iwb holster c 2 sauer p365.
sig p320 iwb holster best subcompact.
sig p320 iwb holster compact kydex.
sig p320 iwb holster a crossbreed holstering the sauer p365 mini wingtm.
sig p320 iwb holster compact leather premium us made or black best subcompact.
sig p320 iwb holster type ii sauer leather.
sig p320 iwb holster sauer subcompact.
sig p320 iwb holster compact 4 best sauer p365.
sig p320 iwb holster compact belt clip kydex.
sig p320 iwb holster alien gear cloak tuck carry sauer rx.
sig p320 iwb holster sauer p229r tactical from black point.
sig p320 iwb holster concealed carry for full size.
sig p320 iwb holster inside the waistband adjustable retention sauer compact.
sig p320 iwb holster black front sauer p365 handgun right hand.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 206 source=c4 split=train =====
The celebration of St. Joseph's Feast Day -- first with mass and then song and refreshment at "St. Joseph's Table" -- "truly was a success," reports Rick Roberts, OFS, who helped organize the event. The celebration took place March 19, with mass at St. Joseph-St. Patrick Church on Columbia Street in Utica, followed by a procession to the parish center for St. Joseph's Table.
Secular Franciscans are coordinating St. Joseph-St. Patrick's Church's celebration of the Feast Day of St. Joseph the Husband of Mary, which takes place Wednesday, March 19 -- first with mass and then with song and refreshment at "St. Joseph's Table" in the parish center.
Roberta Mickey, OFS, a member of St. Joseph Fraternity's formation team, received the Immaculata Award Dec. 8 from Bishop Robert J. Cunningham at the Cathedral of the Immaculate Conception in Syracuse.
The award recognizes “those who generously and unselfishly give of themselves to their parishes," the diocese announced.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 207 source=c4 split=train =====
Coheed and Cambria and Employed to Serve are both among the new names.
Published: 2:48 pm, December 06, 2018Words: Sam Taylor.
Loads of new names have joined the bill for Groezrock 2019.
The latest batch of bands includes Coheed and Cambria, Employed to Serve, The Word Alive, Stick To Your Guns, Joyce Manor, Counterparts and more.
They join the likes of headliners Jawbreaker - who recently announced their first UK show in 25 years - Dropkick Murphys, Bowling For Soup and Citizen.
The festival will take place from 26th-27th April in Meerhout, Belgium.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 208 source=c4 split=train =====
Tender Offer is a way widely used to make purchase of publicly held corporation in mature security markets. It is commonly a large-scale purchase move for obtaining control of target corporation and thus may lead to interest damages of shareholders,especially minor shareholders of target corproation. So the protection of minor Shareholders of target corporation is always an important part of regulations concerning Tender Offer for publicly held corporation. The article aims to probe into this problem, and makes some suggestions for improving Chinese Security Law on the basis of analysing the defects of Chinese regulations and using mature experience of other countries' regulations for reference.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 209 source=c4 split=train =====
Shop For First-Rate Classic Decanter with Quick Shipping to U.S. of America, United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, Europe, and All Over The World on Online Store GoShopPlanet. GoShopPlanet.com Offers a Variety of Advantages to Users from Finding The Lowest Prices or The Best Deals to Save Money on Every Purchase.
Users Can Save All Their Most-Rated Products, Brands, Online Shops, and Popular Searches at Online Store GoShopPlanet for Convenience and Future Reference. GoShopPlanet.com Online Shop Offers Great Selection of Items For Sale. Find Top-Rated Free Coupon Codes for Classic Decanter from Every Store on Online Store GoShopPlanet.
Smart Price Comparison Engine - Shop Classic Decanter For Sale Prices. Look at our popular searches.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 210 source=c4 split=train =====
Osborne’s Stanfield Heat Pads provide safe, reliable heat to growing pigs, small animals and pets. They are the safest, most economical way to promote good health and growth. Heat is distributed evenly and provides a uniform lying area 30-35° F (16-20° C) above air temperature. For pet owners, the Pet Heat Pad and Control Combo Box is perfect for small reptiles, dogs, and other pets.
Made of Osborne-engineered fiberglass reinforced plastic composite material, the heat pads are 100% water-tight, flame-retardant and easy to clean. The treaded surface provides sure footing for piglets and other small animals.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 211 source=c4 split=train =====
participation in and contribution to the ENRD activities.
The purpose of collecting a new set of ‘Added Value of Networking Stories’ is to help NRNs prepare for the 2014-2020 programming period, through the exchange of relevant networking practices (in particular in areas where relatively limited experience has been shared to date). The AVN stories presented below are a result of the collection of new stories as well as a selection of ‘AVN stories: Networking elements’ submitted by Network Support Units during 2013 and in line with the new 2014-20 NRN tasks. To access relevant stories select the ‘activity field’ of interest.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 212 source=c4 split=train =====
With summer well upon us, it’s the perfect time to book a holiday. And these holiday homes with their stylish interiors and gorgeous locations have the whole team at HB dreaming of our next getaway.
Sleeping up to 12 guests, this vast and ultra modern property is perfectly situated so you can experience the best of Margaret River’s celebrated wine region.
Visit here for bookings and more information.
This striking, four bedroom black barn sits on five acres of land with the Barrengarry Mountain as a dramatic backdrop.
Immersive and unique, you can stay in this safari-inspired bungalow on the coastal floodplains of the Mary River as part of a wild luxury experience.
Visit here for bookings and information.
Set amongst 24 acres of tropical rainforest, this secluded Balinese inspired cabin was recently chosen as the 2nd best holiday home in Australia by Domain.
This five-star stay in the Barossa Valley combines luxury boutique accommodation and country living in a 19th-century homestead.
Another Airbnb success, this two-bedroom apartment in Noosa Heads is a reno done right – once an untouched home from the 1970’s, it has been transformed into a modern coastal getaway.
A pyramid glass ceiling and expansive windows afford stunning vantage points of the Margaret River region at this luxe property.
A piece of paradise in the inner city of Adelaide, this 1910 cottage was recently extended into a family friendly abode boasting glamorous finishes – six-metre-high ceilings and underfloor heating, a wood burning fire and in-ground pool.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 213 source=c4 split=train =====
Lake Pointe Resort & condominiums is a very affordable member- owned resort located on the shore of Canyon Lake.
"Had a long day on the road? The Cowboy Marketplace’s Hwy."
"Located overlooking the Frio River, we have several cabin floor plans to meet your lodging needs and RV sites plus a store which is conveniently located on our grounds."
"This quaint community is situated at the confluence of the Guadalupe and San Marcos rivers, on U."
"We are a locally owned, family run business."
"Access RV Park is one of southeast Texas' new and more modern RV Parks."
"Only minutes from anywhere in San Antonio, Admiralty RV Resort is Texas' highest rated RV Resort."
"Advanced RV Park: Greater Campground/Camping/Campsites/RV Sites in Houston - Pearland, Texas; next to the recreation of Tom Bass & Christa V."
"Adventure Out RV Park is a year round home for RV'ers that travel the country in search of new adventures."
"Experience the legendary Texas hospitality at Alamo Fiesta RV Resort."
"Our luxurious gated community is located in the marvelous Rio Grande Valley, surrounded by citrus groves and palm trees in a beautiful, tropical setting."
"45 RV Sites with full hookups, 67 Mobile & Park Model Sites."
"Alamo Rec-Veh Park is located between FM 907 and Cesar Chavez Road on the Expressway in Alamo right in the heart of the Rio Grande Valley."
"Located in San Antonio, Texas on the beautiful Medina River, Alamo River RV Resort is the finest camping resort in the state, as well as one of the most historic."
"Near lovely warm Gulf of Mexico beaches."
"Albany Motor Inn offers: Clean comfortable rooms with king size bed, one or two queen size beds."
"Six Flags, Dallas Cowboys, Fort Worth Stock Show, UTA, Dallas Mavericks, Dallas Stars, Ranger baseball, Hurricane Harbor, Dallas - Fort Worth has it all! All Seasons RV Park in Arlington is an RV resort convenient to all this and more."
"All Star RV Resort offers superior amenities with just the right combination of facilities, service and affordability."
"All Star RV Resort is conveniently located near the Medical Center, Convention Center and sports facilities."
"Quiet, secure country setting with stocked 12 acre fishing lake."
"Enjoy 140 full-service sites featuring 65 Panhandle pull-thrus and 75 back-ins with no rig too big! Cable TV and wireless Internet are both available."
"You'll just fall in love with NORTH TEXAS! From the Prairies to the Lakes to the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex, the options for fun and entertainment are limitless."
"Welcome to AmeriCana: We are in our 4th season as Stewards of this beautiful Park."
"American Campground is your destination RV Park that is open year round."
"Located in the alligator capital of Texas, Anahuac RV Park is located in beautiful country."
"ANDY'S is located at the intersection of Texas Highway 127 and County Road 348 (River Road) in Concan, Texas."
"Our lots are extra long and will accommodate just about any size RV, plus two vehicles."
"Angels in Goliad has 62 sites with full water/sewer hook-ups."
"Located 2 miles south of Goliad are these 32-shaded acres on large level sites, pool, showers, a/c Rec."
"This is the place you've been looking for."
"Stay With Us and Visit Historical Washington County."
"Artesian Springs is located on over 100 acres of secluded Natural Beauty in the Deep East Texas Pines."
"Rustic Oaks Park is conveniently located in the SouthEast side of San Antonio on 1604 near I37 South."
"Larger than usual sites, with large shade trees and with average winter temperatures in January at 70 degrees, the coldest time of the year."
"Small country park located 45 miles south of Houston & 30 miles from Galveston, Texas."
"Austin's Landing RV Park is a family-owned business."
"Come visit us in Newcastle, Wyoming."
"Come for a night and you might be tempted to stay for years."
"I-20, Exit 307; 1/4 mile west on North Access Road."
"We are located right off of Highway 71, about 30 minutes to Austin."
"Welcome to Bay Colony RV Resort online reservations."
"We are the closest RV Park to the Historic District and the Medical Center."
"Bay RV Park is located in San Leon, Texas, just steps from Galveston Bay, a promising vacation destination along the Texas Coast."
"Located just a couple of miles north of Alpine, the BC Ranch RV Park is home to spectacular panoramic mountain views."
"Located on the Southwest shore of Lake Buchanan on Ranch Road 261."
"Quaint relaxing RV park where you can enjoy the scenery of the Harbor area and see the Shrimp boats docking with their days catch."
"onsisting of six buildings forming a half-circle, has been completely renovated."
"Bentsen Palm Village RV Resort is now taking reservations."
"For true Texas hospitality with a close-by small town feel, your stay at Berry Springs RV Park in Georgetown, Texas will offer you year round activities in the comfort of Georgetown’s newest RV Park."
"Your Texas vacation is sure to be an enjoyable family adventure when you come to Bethy Creek Resort."
"3 miles from west entrance of Big Bend National Park."
"Based in Scottsdale, AZ with locations worldwide."
"Designed by nature! In the heart of the Hill Country on Lake Buchanan is a unique resort."
"Big Cypress Rv Park is the areas newest and nicest Rv Park, clean, quiet and well kept and landscaped too."
"Big Oak River Camp offers a relaxed, welcoming environment to RVers and tenters looking to explore the Texas Hill Country."
"Big Steve's Resort, RV Park & Marina offers the classic camping activities."
"Professionally managed RV park conveniently located at IH 35 and Nugent in Temple."
"Paved, pull thru, full hookups."
"Blazing Star Luxury RV Resort combines modern luxury with the picturesque countryside of the Texas Hill Country."
"Bluebonnet Ridge RV Park is the newest full service RV park serving the east side of the Dallas Metroplex."
"Whether you're looking for a weekend get-a-way or a long term stay, Bolivar Peninsula RV Park invites you to set up your trailer or RV on one of our spacious sites and enjoy the peaceful surroundings as you rest and relax."
"100 acre fishing lake, pier launch, restaurant, bait/tackle, convenience store, laundry, showers, restrooms, cabin rentals, paved roads."
"Located in the beautiful countryside of the Texas Hill Country, Boone RV Park in Lampasas, Texas is the perfect getaway for the traveling family or Winter Texans! Boone RV Park is pretty as a picture with live oak and pecan trees offering shade and the colors of wildflowers in a peaceful, country setting."
"Situated on beautiful Lake Texana, the Park provides outstanding entertainment and recreational opportunities for family, business, and social activities."
"Braunig Lake RV Resort combines modern luxury with the wide open country feel of rural Texas."
"Come to Breeze Lake Campground and enjoy the hospitality of the Texas Tropics! Relax on our beaches, fish in the Gulf of Mexico, play golf, go birding, shop, dine on local cuisine and explore the local area and its attractions."
"Breezy Palms Cottages is your vacation rental headquarters for cabins and RV sites in Seadrift."
"Located on the southern tip of Lake Livingston in San Jacinto County, you will find yourself in the middle of the beautiful pine trees of East Texas just an hour's drive north of Houston."
"Located in the south Texas plains halfway between Laredo and Del Rio in Carrizo Springs, Texas, Brush Country RV Park is a great stop going to or from the South Valley."
"Perfectly located in the Heart of the Texas Hill Country, you will find everything you would expect from a premier RV Resort."
"Elgin Texas campground near Austin, Bastrop, Lake Bastrop, Bastrop Opera House, Elgin Depot Museum, Sausage capital of Texas, Austin state capitol, McKinney Roughs Nature Park."
"We are located within walking distance to four great restaurants."
"Country atmosphere on Texas Oklahoma border."
"Camping in Tomball Texas near Houston, the Woodlands, Conroe, and Houston Space Center, Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo, Reliant Park, Minute Maid Park, the Galleria, and Splashtown."
"Set on over 40 beautiful acres in the Texas Hill Country, By the River offers guests a beautiful rv park and

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 214 source=c4 split=train =====
Why not shop for tires first at your trusted local dealership? We are matching tire prices for any vehicle. Plus, we’ll throw in road hazard insurance, a free multi-point inspection on your vehicle, and a tire balance. Inquire now using the form below, and we’ll get you rolling with the best product and price possible.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 215 source=c4 split=train =====
Xmedo Softwares is a group of talented and skilled web and mobile application developers Hiring dedicated web developers from us, saves you 60% development cost. Our dedicated developers have experience in offering end to end software development solutions in more than 30 countries.
At Xmedo Softwares, we have enhanced the digital presence of many busnises with our dedicated hiring models. We offer custom web & mobile app development solution to our clients.
Our years of experience has made us best result oriented web development company in India. We provide out of the box solutions that are highly responsive, provides great user satisfaction.
Our web development team has experience working with small to large sized enterprises, startups and freelancers. So, if you are looking to create outstanding website, digital product or mobile app contact us. Our excellent software development team holds years of experience and expertise Contact us now to make us your technology partner.
Why hire Dedicated Development Teams from Xmedo Softwares?
We understand your business requirement, that every project demands different skill-sets and hiring models. We offer you the best flexible dedicated hiring models related to your project need on Monthly/Weekly or Hourly basis.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 216 source=c4 split=train =====
Corporate events are a great way to get your team together for some training or to say thank you for a job well done. Having entertainment available not only increases their engagement with the event but also ensures they are having a good time. New and innovative corporate event ideas that are fun and able to be enjoyed by all can be hard to come by, but not with Ultimate Games. We offer a completely unique experience for your employees and partners that they are sure to love. We make the whole process easy on you and are mobile so we can set up virtually anywhere! Imagine some friendly competition at your end of year bash or seeing your employees bonding over our team game settings. Ultimate Games offers so many benefits to your employees, the only thing you’ll wish is that you thought of us earlier!
We have a range of games for all skill levels and ensure they are appropriate for your work setting. Our Game Coaches are there to assist you in any way and support those who may not have much gaming experience. For the gamers among your staff (trust us, there’s bound to be a few) they’ll enjoy all the latest gaming equipment like gaming chairs and LCD TVs. Rain, hail or, shine our team will be there to set up and take the hassle away from you. This way you can sit back and relax or join in on the fun and bond with your team! We have years of experience catering for corporate team building events, so if you want to make an enquiry, contact us today!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 217 source=c4 split=train =====
All video conferencing can be booked by the hour, half or full day. Our video conferencing in Eastleigh suit any budget starting from as little as £10.00 per hour. From basic boardrooms to exclusive suites we have the right video conferencing for you.
We’ve got a growing network of over 10,000 meeting rooms for multiple purposes across Eastleigh - with everything from a 2 person interview space to a 500 person conference room. We’ve also got a charismatic team with years of experience in organising meetings and events that are tailored to your needs.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 218 source=c4 split=train =====
'While searching for reasons why women faculty members are underrepresented in the life sciences, researchers have looked at factors affecting the retention of female faculty, such as the ability to sustain funding. A new analysis finds that keeping the money rolling in doesn’t appear to be a factor. Of nearly 35,000 researchers who received funding from the National Institutes of Health (NIH) between 1991 and 2010, men and women maintain funding at roughly the same rates.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 219 source=c4 split=train =====
Looking for fresh styles for your kids? Pick a few pieces from Album di Famiglia and your progeny will stand out from the Gap-clad crowd. On a recent tour of one of my favorite shops, Estella-NYC, I drooled over this Italian kidswear brand. Estella introduced Album to New York a few years ago and now the brand is huge in Manhattan. I&apos;m here to continue spreading the word.
Album designs are modern. To illustrate, I love the color-blocked Favilla Patch Plum Baby Onesie Romper (shown top center feature $130). The colors are understated and autumnal. Here&apos;s another example, check out the rich hue of the Carletto Plum Elbow Patch Kids Turtleneck (shown right $125)--it is simply yummy.
Expect the softest fabrics and classic cuts from Album. Don&apos;t miss the Michael Riga Brown Kids Striped Hoodie (shown left $125 available in three colors). And despite the high-fashion appearance, you can toss these clothes in the wash (maybe with some of the Gap basics you already own). Sizes run from 2-10 for kids and there are also many styles for baby. If you&apos;re in NYC stop into Estella 493 Sixth Ave. For the rest of the nation, shop Estella-NYC&apos;s incredibly user-friendly web site.
And as a special treat, enjoy free shipping through 9/19 on any Album purchase.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 220 source=c4 split=train =====
This highly versatlie bronzer combines four complementary shades for a swirl that gives you a natural radiant complexion. The darker shades can be used alone to enhance a tan, while the lighter shades alone can naturally illuminate skin. The suble shimmer particules and the beautiful pink hue add a refreshed glow to the skin. Long-lasting velvety smooth texture, blends effortlessly on all skin tones.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 221 source=c4 split=train =====
Maurice Sendak: On Life, Death And Children's Lit His latest book Bumble-ardy is a deeply imaginative tale about an orphaned pig who longs for a birthday party. Sendak, who is 83, wrote and illustrated the book while caring for his longtime partner, who died of cancer in 2007. "I did Bumble-ardy to save myself," Sendak says. "I did not want to die with him."
Playwright Tony Kushner once called Maurice Sendak, creator of Where the Wild Things Are, "one of the most important, if not the most important, writers and artists to ever work in children's literature. In fact, he's a significant writer and artist in literature. Period."
Bumble-Ardy, Sendak's first children's book in 30 years, is based on an concept he developed in the early 1970s, while working on a Sesame Street animated short with Jim Henson. The short cartoon was about a boy who invites nine pigs over for his birthday party while his mother is at work.
In the book, Sendak changed the story. Bumble-Ardy is now an orphaned pig who has his first birthday party when he turns 9.
Sendak worked on the book while taking care of his longtime partner, the psychiatrist and art critic Eugene Glynn. Glynn died in 2007 of lung cancer.
He says any books he works on now will be for his own enjoyment. "If it's publishable, fine. If not, it makes not too much difference," he says, "because I claim that this time is for me and me alone. I'm 83 years old."
This week on Fresh Air, we're marking the year's end by revisiting some of the most memorable conversations we've had in 2011. This interview was originally broadcast on September 20, 2011.
Bumble-ardy, the latest from author and illustrator Maurice Sendak, is dark and deeply imaginative, much like his classic works Where the Wild Things Are and In The Night Kitchen.
Bumble-ardy is an orphaned pig, who has reached the age of 9 without ever having a birthday party. He tells his Aunt Adeline that he would like to have a party for his ninth birthday, so Aunt Adeline plans a quiet birthday dinner for two. But Bumble-ardy instead decides to throw a large costume party for himself after his aunt leaves for work — and mayhem ensues.
When his aunt returns she says, "Okay smarty, you've had your party but never again." Bumble-ardy replies, "I promise, I swear, I won't ever turn 10."
Sendak tells Fresh Air's Terry Gross that those two lines — his favorite in the book — sum up his life and his work.
"Those two lines are essential. 'I'll never be 10' touches me deeply but I won't pretend that I know exactly what it means," says Sendak. "When I thought of it, I was so happy I thought of it. It came to me, which is what the creative act is all about. Things come to you without you necessarily knowing what they mean. ... It comes at a time when I am getting ripe, getting old — and I want to do work that resonates."
Sendak says that he worked on Bumble-ardy while taking care of his longtime partner, Eugene Glynn, who died of lung cancer in 2007.
"When I did Bumble-ardy, I was so intensely aware of death," he says. "Eugene, my friend and partner, was dying here in the house when I did Bumble-ardy. I did Bumble-ardy to save myself. I did not want to die with him. I wanted to live as any human being does. But there's no question that the book was affected by what was going on here in the house. ... Bumble-ardy was a combination of the deepest pain and the wondrous feeling of coming into my own. And it took a long time. It took a very long time."
Maurice Sendak has written and/or illustrated more than 100 books during his career. He has received a National Book Award, a Caldecott Medal, the Hans Christian Andersen Award for children's book illustration, and the National Medal of Arts.
"I feel like I'm working for myself at this point. If it's publishable, fine. If not, it makes not too much difference. Because I claim that this time is for me and me alone. I'm 83 years old."
"I'm writing a poem right now about a nose. I've always wanted to write a poem about a nose. But it's a ludicrous subject. That's why, when I was younger, I was afraid of [writing] something that didn't make a lot of sense. But now I'm not. I have nothing to worry about. It doesn't matter."
"I would infinitely prefer a daughter. If I had a son, I would leave him at the A&P or some other big advertising place where somebody who needs a kid would find him and he would be all right. ... A daughter would be drawn to me. A daughter would want to help me. Girls are infinitely more complicated than boys and women more than men. And there's no doubt about that. We just don't like to think about it. Certainly the men don't like to think about it. I have lived my whole life with a dream daughter."
"It just seemed like, why? It just seemed inauthentic and incorrect to burden him with that. My therapy went on forever. My being gay was something of not great interest to me. The person I lived with — we lived together for all of those years so we make trips to our favorite places in Europe, so that we could read our favorite books, so that we could listen to music.
"I couldn't deal with 9/11 the other day. I couldn't bear it. ... That evening of 9/11, they conducted Mahler's 2nd Symphony. ... And I sat there and cried like a baby listening to the music."
"Finding out that I was gay when I was older was a shock and a disappointment. ... I did not want to be gay. It meant a whole different thing to me — which is really hard to recover now because that's many years ago. I always objected to it because there is a part of me that is solid Brooklyn and solid conventional and I know that. I can't escape that. It's my genetic makeup. It's who I am."

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 222 source=c4 split=train =====
Here you go! I sewed up this Pin that said it was a tutorial, but not really. It was just a few pictures stacked up with just a few words. To prevent another Pinterest fail, I experimented with different fabrics and different materials for the inside.
I tried sewing them with 2 different kinds of plastic and also ultra-firm craft stabilizer.
Last week someone commented that they thought coins would fall out of this little purse. I was worried about that too... so I asked my 7 year old to put her money in it, close the snap, and shake it up. She couldn't get any to fall out!
Next week I'll share with you a real sewing tutorial, including tips for fabrics and what to put inside to give your coin purses that cute shape.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 223 source=c4 split=train =====
Global Aerospace Fairings Market Overview and Scope 2019 Boeing Canada Winnipeg, Alenia Aermacchi S.p.A., ShinMaywa Industries Ltd.
The worldwide Aerospace Fairings Market report provides a detailed analysis of the cutting-edge dynamics of the marketplace with an extensive focus on the secondary research. It also research contemporary state of affairs of the marketplace estimate, proportion, demand, development within the 2019-2026. The report on Aerospace Fairings market studies the strategy pattern followed by outstanding global players. additionally, the report evaluates market size in terms of sales (USD MN) for the forecast period (2019-2026). All statistics and figures regarding shares, splits, and breakdowns are decided using secondary resources and proven through primary sources.
After report covers vendors processes and price structures on Aerospace Fairings industry scenario. This report also includes Aerospace Fairings import/export, supply chain relationship, consumption ratio, Aerospace Fairings revenue and gross margin by regions/countries (United States, EU, China, and Japan).
Then report states global Aerospace Fairings industry leaders together with facts on business enterprise profiles, product specification, production ability, Aerospace Fairings market sales and contact information. The Aerospace Fairings enterprise is analysed on foundation of applications, geographic distribution and the factors responsible for increasing call for of Aerospace Fairings globally has been covered on this document.
The Aerospace Fairings research report consists of the products which are currently in demand and to be had within the Aerospace Fairings market at the side of their value breakup, production volume, import/export scheme and contribution to the Aerospace Fairings marketplace sales globally.
In the end, Aerospace Fairings market report gives you details about the Aerospace Fairings market studies findings and end which helps you to develop worthwhile Aerospace Fairings market techniques to gain competitive advantage.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 224 source=c4 split=train =====
Minutes away from the heart of Gordon and a short train ride to Sydney CBD. Here you will find yourself surrounded by some of the best schools in Sydney. Fabulous shopping districts are only a short train ride away, and for the outdoor type, the local community offers excellent sporting facilities including golf clubs, tennis courts, and walking tracks.
* Catchment area for Killara High School.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 225 source=c4 split=train =====
Hello, I do believe you want a Vinyl Gloves product, so you tend to be for the suitable article. Currently you might be reading certainly one of my personal submit with regards to Daxwell Vinyl Glove, Powdered, Extra Large, Clear (10 Boxes of 100 Gloves). In addition to I’m hoping you’ll discover some practical information prior to deciding to acquire Vinyl Gloves merchandise. Currently I must generate additional aspect about Daxwell Vinyl Glove, Powdered, Extra Large, Clear (10 Boxes of 100 Gloves). The product Daxwell Vinyl Glove, Powdered, Extra Large, Clear (10 Boxes of 100 Gloves), it truly is created by Daxwell business.
Daxwell vinyl gloves are engineered with the goal of delivering a high level of performance without compromising flexibility, comfort, and touch sensitivity. This glove is 100% latex free.
Then if you need to be familiar with Daxwell Vinyl Glove, Powdered, Extra Large, Clear (10 Boxes of 100 Gloves) selling price, function in addition to product reviews via purchaser, you are able to simply click THIS LINK . I hope this article will let you in order to decide to purchase Daxwell Vinyl Glove, Powdered, Extra Large, Clear (10 Boxes of 100 Gloves) item, or even this specific post will help you to locate other item which is or maybe better than Daxwell Vinyl Glove, Powdered, Extra Large, Clear (10 Boxes of 100 Gloves) or identical.
When you finally understand my publish Daxwell Vinyl Glove, Powdered, Extra Large, Clear (10 Boxes of 100 Gloves). We all anticipate that Daxwell Vinyl Glove, Powdered, Extra Large, Clear (10 Boxes of 100 Gloves) product has already been in shape in your case. Should you however ought to uncover product aside from Daxwell Vinyl Glove, Powdered, Extra Large, Clear (10 Boxes of 100 Gloves), you can use lookup box or even examine throughout every Vinyl Gloves type. And then if you decide to purchase Daxwell Vinyl Glove, Powdered, Extra Large, Clear (10 Boxes of 100 Gloves), remember to simply click BUY BUTTON down below.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 226 source=c4 split=train =====
Maintaining good oral hygiene is extremely important if you want to look after your teeth and gums. A healthy smile allows you to look and feel good as well as eat and speak properly.
What are the basic steps to maintain good oral hygiene?
Brush twice a day, using a soft bristled toothbrush and a toothpaste that contains fluoride.
Floss at least once a day, using dental floss to clean the tight spaces between your teeth.
Rinse with the appropriate type of mouthwash.
Visit the dentist at least twice a year and get your teeth professionally cleaned.
Avoid smoking and tobacco products.
Are there any types of food that can help improve one’s oral hygiene?
Fiber-rich fruits and vegetables: According to the American Dental Association, foods with fiber tend to cleanse your mouth. They also get saliva flowing. Next to good home dental care, this is your best natural defense against cavities and gum disease. About 20 minutes after you eat something containing sugars or starches, your saliva begins to reduce the effects of the acids and enzymes attacking your teeth. Because saliva contains traces of calcium and phosphate, it also restores minerals to areas of teeth that have lost them from the bacterial acids.
Cheese, milk, yogurt and other dairy products: The calcium in cheese and the calcium and phosphates in milk as well as other dairy products, help put back minerals your teeth might have lost due to other foods.
Green tea and black tea: Both contain polyphenols that interact with plaque bacteria. These substances either kill or hold back bacteria. This prevents them from growing or producing acid that attacks teeth. Depending on the type of water you use to brew your tea, a cup of tea can also be a source of fluoride.
Are there any types of food that can cause oral hygiene issues?
Sticky candy and sweets: If you eat sweets, go for those that clear out of your mouth quickly. So, thumbs down for lollipops, caramels and cough drops that contain refined sugar.
Starchy foods that can get stuck in your mouth: For instance, soft breads and potato chips can get trapped between your teeth.
Carbonated soft drinks: These types of drinks are the leading source of added sugar among kids and teens. Besides being loaded with sugar, most soft drinks contain phosphoric and citric acids that wear away tooth enamel.
Are there any myths regarding oral hygiene?
A popular myth is that, gum disease isn’t very common. Unfortunately, gum disease is all too common. A study by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) indicates that 47% of adults aged 30 and older have some form of gum disease. Also, as we age, we’re naturally more susceptible to infections, including those in the gums. 64% of adults aged 65 and older have either moderate or severe gum disease.
If you have any further questions, don’t hesitate to get in touch with one of our general dentists or dental hygienists at Dr. Joy Dental Clinic.
Thanks for sharing your instructive article about teeth cleaning. Teeth cleaning is critical for our oral well-being. It is a delicate piece of our body.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 227 source=c4 split=train =====
Eidyia provides comprehensive marketing for all environmental risks. We represent insurance carriers that have access environmental insurance programs that will write commercial auto in conjunction with the General Liability. In addition, we have access to every insurer that will write environmental risks. You can be assured that every option and market will be accessed to place your coverage.
• Commercial general liability -- traditional-style occurrence general liability coverage.
• Professional liability -- claims made coverage for liability arising out of acts, errors or omissions during the rendering of professional services by the insured.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 228 source=c4 split=train =====
Join us for our 3rd annual Love Fest! At City Gym, we believe that loving yourself is just as important as loving others, and that is why we take one week during the “Month of Love” to celebrate YOU. Throughout the week of Love Fest members can bring one free guest every day to work out or attend a class. The first three members to any "themed" class will receive CGKC swag! Additionally, if guests become members prior to February 21st, we will waive their enrollment fee!
City Gym Members can bring ONE guest per day to workout. The same guest may not come more than once. If you wish to bring your guest to class, be sure that you register yourself online and arrive early so that your guest may register as a walk-in. Remember that walk-ins are accepted on a first-come basis.
Guests can sign the online waiver here: www.smartwaiver.com/v/citygymkcwaiver to cut down on wait time at the front desk.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 229 source=c4 split=train =====
Classic looks, cross-drilled or slotted brake rotors or advanced motorsports solutions Brembo offers 4 different brake disc lines for the Mini (R50, R53): there's something for everyone!
​​It feels like only yesterday that you drove out of the dealer with your gleaming Mini (R50, R53). Update your brakes to bring back the braking performance you were once used to!
Brake disks are a very important part of the braking system of a car, but not all disks are the same, and neither are brands. Why take the risk of choosing a product from an unknown brand? Brembo has scored hundreds of victories in motor racing over the past 40 years.
Brembo knows everything there is to know about brakes, and has selected 4 different solutions to give your Mini (R50, R53) the best braking system possible. Brembo recommends always replacing the brake pads together with the disks. When changing the pads, on the other hand, it is not necessary to change the disks as well.
Undrilled and without slots, Brembo Original disks are the simplest solution for replacing the worn disks on your car with quality products. The undrilled, unslotted rotors of these disks offer a comfortable drive and increased brake pad life.
Some brands recommend disks which only look similar to the original components fitted to you Mini (R50, R53). Brembo, on the other hand, offers you exactly the same discs that your car had when it left the assembly line!
High Carbon: the high percentage of carbon in the chemical make up of the cast iron used reduces the vibration and noise perceived on board the car.
If you're looking for something a little more innovative for your Mini (R50, R53), why not choose cross-drilled discs?
Brembo Xtra disks accentuate the looks of your Mini (R50, R53) and deliver superlative braking performance.
What make this possible are the holes in the brake rotor, which maximize disk/pad grip in high temperature conditions right from the first instant you press the pedal, and even in the wet. These holes also exert a scraping action which cleans the pad surface and removes potentially dangerous deposits of foreign matter. The holes drilled into the brake rotor also increase performance by allowing for improved dissipation of the heat and gas produced as a result of friction.
Dreaded brake pad glazing will never be an issue again, as the slots cut into the rotor refresh the friction material on the surface of the pad every time you brake.
One of the slots cut into the surface of Brembo Max discs is there to let you tell quickly and easily when the disc itself is worn.
This allows you to check the state of wear of the disks by yourself and determine when the wear limit is reached and the disks have to be replaced.
Brembo offers its Sport discs to all drivers who love to explore the capabilities of their car. Whether slotted or cross-drilled, all Brembo Sport discs are conceived to minimise thermal expansion and warping.
To offer a product with unmistakably sporty looks, Brembo Sport disks are subjected to complex galvanizing process which gives them a gold-colored finish.
Brembo Sport disks are also easy to install, because they're exactly the same size as the standard disks and are fully compatible with the OEM callipers and wheels on your car.
Now you know the secrets that make Brembo discs so special. Feel free to ask your mechanic for more advice, safe in the knowledge that you can depend on Brembo quality!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 230 source=c4 split=train =====
AS IF Magazine is a large-format quarterly luxury publication focused on the realms of artistic expression and the visionaries behind them. We feature individuals who have made a creative mark in our society in art, fashion, design, architecture, music, film, and all forms of creative expression. AS IF Magazine is the recipient of over 40 national and international awards in platinum and gold for best new magazine,best editorial design, best art direction and best photography. Our high-quality print, beautiful paper and oversized format (11” x 14.5”) is what sets us apart from the mainstream. AS IF Magazine is more than a magazine, it is an object the reader will want to collect.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 231 source=c4 split=train =====
In Her Footsteps documents an entire family torn between fulfilling a dying mother's last wish, societal regulations, and familial expectations. The film explores family intimacy, secrets, and dilemmas and raises serious questions about gender, identity, and community through the lens of Rana Abu Fraiha’s family in Omer, Israel.
A Jacob Perlow Event sponsored by the Office of the Dean of Special Programs. Co-sponsors: MDOCS, History, International Affairs, Political Science, Gender Studies, Religious Studies, Sociology, Hillel, Muslim Students Association, and the Office of Religious and Spiritual Life.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 232 source=c4 split=train =====
Quality Management Systems.9000 has developed nine different modules of organizational development. These modules are developed keeping in view of the organizational needs of different business sectors. An organization may select any module(s) for implementation. Funding opportunities are also available for these projects from Business Support Fund.
Progressive organizations from different business sectors including Textile, Pharmaceuticals, Food, Auto- Mobiles, Labs and Hospitals can go for implementation of these modules depending on their requirements and Business needs.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 233 source=c4 split=train =====
Ad agency Grimm Gallun Holtappels was looking for a funny presentation gimmick. They wanted some loud, crazy-looking figure to come jumping out of the low-key logo-square.
The character development was done in two steps.
The favorite turned out to be some sort of black cat devil.
In a third step, the proper facial expression was worked out.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 234 source=c4 split=train =====
As fundraising methods evolve, so does Perfection.
Perfection offers a selection of catalogs and products designed to play a vital role in the success of your fundraising campaign.
For full details concerning our products, check our catalogs or visit our online store. You can also add a personal touch to your fundraising activities by downloading, printing and showing one of our catalogs to your potential buyers.
We promote online shopping, as well as standard sales through a catalog and a downloadable order form.
Maximize your fundraising success with "Make your Choice", a program that allows you to select the product you wish to offer to your participants.
Choose among the various products featured in our most compact and sturdy briefcases on the market, and that are best suited for your target market. Your selection will be featured as drawings on a customized slip named after your organization.
For more information on our programs and products, contact us today by email or by phone at 1 800 463-0043.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 235 source=c4 split=train =====
Sundays Are For Self-Medicating | yarn. vegetables. sass.
I have been out of commission all week. No progress was made on the Giant-Size Man-Sweater this past Sunday, as I woke up at 3 with a screaming horror of a migraine. It kept going away, turning around & coming right back until Monday night. It took a total of about 3 Imitrex, 6 or 8 Aleve, & a Zyrtec to finally beat it back far enough that I could sit up for a whole day. Consequently, knitting was slow the first half of the week. A few rows on a garter stitch scarf were about all I managed.
I’ve made up for it a bit since & finished the first of my July socks.
That’s a Leyburn in some DIC Smooshy in Spring Tickle. This is absolutely the softest, squishiest skein of Smooshy I’ve worked with yet, & the colors are perfect – just varied enough to add interest, but not so different from each other that they distract from the pattern. The slipped-stitch pattern is easy to memorize, & I’m completely in love with this sock. There’s just the tiny little problem with it being way too big for me. I think I trust my math to size down, but it’s already halfway through the month, & do I really want to start all over? No, I really don’t. I have a friend they’ll fit, & if they don’t I’m sure I have another friend they will.
Sorry to hear about your migraines, that sounds aweful!
Thanks. It was a little scary, but I’m better now – & knitting again!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 236 source=c4 split=train =====
We know how Ringo Starr felt about gardens and octopuses, the sea and the shade, and we couldn’t agree more. Like that fabled octopus, we’d like to escape to a nice, cool spot this August, preferably with enough Season Alpaca to whip up our own Knit Octopus!
Wherever you’re anchored, you’ll have a whale of a time knitting up this leggy number. We used our super soft Season Alpaca, doubled for twice the nice, in cool and simple Dove Gray. But like color-fickle octopuses themselves, we think Stillwater Blue or Peach Stone, Lavender Moon or Heirloom White would yield equally tantalizing tentacles!
Our eight-legged friend is knit in the round with a smooth stockinette head and a textured under-carriage. We’ve spared you the 1,920 little suction cups the real thing has in favor of a seamless seed stitch construction that requires absolutely no sewing up.
A scientific rumor circulated recently that octopuses are actually alien because their DNA is like nothing else found on planet Earth. So on this 8/8/18, find a shady garden and cast on for something truly out of this world!
3 skeins of Purl Soho’s Season Alpaca, 100% baby alpaca. We used Dove Gray. PLEASE NOTE: This pattern uses just about all of the 3 skeins. So if you’re worried about running out of yarn, please buy an extra skein. You can exchange it if you don’t end up needing it (click right here for Purl Soho’s return policy).
About 2 yards of scrap yarn for the eyes. We used Season Alpaca in Heirloom White.
You will use the Season Alpaca doubled throughout this pattern. The easiest way to do this is to pull from two balls at once.
For the free pattern, please visit our original Knit Octopus story.
Hi, what a cute octopus! Wondering if you could use just 1 strand to create a smaller version? Or is there a distinct reason why you used 2 strands? Could a single strand of worsted weight work also? Thanks!
Thanks for writing in and for the kind words! You could definitely use a single strand of Season Alpaca on a US 1 or 2 to knit an adorable mini octopus! We chose to use two strands of yarn so that we could knit the octopus at a larger gauge, which means fewer stitches and a faster knit, while still using super cuddly and soft Season Alpaca, but you could also substitute a single strand of a worsted weight yarn if you wish. Worsted Twist would be a great option if you prefer to knit with a single strand of yarn!
Question: I’d like to make the bottom a different color. How much do you think I should buy? If there will be a lot left over, I can double it and make two.
Great question! It is hard to estimate just how much you will need, but to be on the safe side I would suggest getting two skeins of your contrast color and two of your main color for one octopus. I strongly suspect you will only need one skein of the contrast color, but two will definitely be enough and you will then be ready to knit your second octopus if it only takes one!
I am a 83 year old widow and I can’t afford the price of your yarns. I do think your patterns are wonderful. I take it you have to buy your yarn to print your patterns. I tried to print your pattern but if will not print the instructions.
Thanks for reaching out! We hear you! We totally understand that sometimes our yarn suggestions are more of an inspiration than a reality for many people. We are always happy to recommend less expensive (but still beautiful!) alternatives. In this case, we suggest that you try 3 skeins of Cotton Pure. Alternately, you could use roughly 675 yards of any sport weight yarn!
To do so, if you’re on a desktop version of the site, you will find a “print” icon in the right column just below the date and tags. If you’re on a mobile version of the site, you will find a “print” icon below the pattern and above the comments.
Thank you so much for this truly seamless pattern. I like knitting animals and such but hate attaching all the little bits. Can’t wait to use some stash yarn on this! Then maybe I’ll splurge on some Season Alpaca for an encore.
Thanks for your very kind words! We are so glad that this little octopus is such a delight!
Oh this is a wonderful pattern! Thank you so much I have been looking for a knitted Octopus but could only find a crochet pattern . Don’t know if you know about a study done with Preemies and Crochet Octopus toys. They were shown to calm the Preemies down.
Can’t wait to cast on for this cute toy.
Thank you so much for sharing this with us! I love the thought of our octopus comforting babies who need extra care and attention! I hope you enjoy knitting them as much as those sweet babies will enjoy cuddling them!
I think this pattern is adorable. There is a difference in what you say is required in yarn on this page, 3, and on the pattern page, 6. How many skeins is the correct number?
I’m not an accomplished knitter yet so I’m passing this on to my daughter and some friends whom I think can do this beautifully.
Thanks for writing in and for the kind words! For our original Knit Octopus, we used Blue Sky Sport Weight, which has about half the yardage of our Season Alpaca, so it did take 6 skeins instead of 3. Either way, you will need about 700 yards of yarn total!
Thanks for reaching out! Although we don’t have a video, we do have a very clear tutorial on Double Pointed Needles that includes lots of pictures and explanations. Hopefully that can clear things up!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 237 source=c4 split=train =====
The decision to become a Firefighter is one of which takes a lot of careful consideration, it is not simply a case of submitting an application form and attending an interview as in most jobs, neither is it one which people decide to do for a while until they find something else.
The competition is tough and being successful involves a lot of preparation, hard work and determination but becoming a Firefighter within the Fire and Rescue Service is very fulfilling in many ways.
Many serving Firefighters spent months or even years to become what they truly wanted to be. In some cases they may not have been successful initially and been required to re-apply at a later date but in the end their hard work and commitment earned them a very rewarding lifetime career.
The process of joining the Fire Service may differ slightly throughout the UK and US but the principles and personal attributes of a potential Firefighter are alike.
Contained within these pages you will find not only advice that will be very beneficial to your preparation and career but also resources available to use. Some of which will provide in depth knowledge and Insider tips from Fire Officers on exactly how to pass the Fire and Rescue Service Selection process.
When considering the small price of these products compared to the huge advantage that they provide someone applying to join the Service it is unquestionably a wise investment.
The importance of personal qualities such as presentation and communication skills can be over looked and yet these are the first things that will be accessed at every stage of the selection phase and throughout your career.
During your career you will be required to communicate effectively with members of the public, of all ages in many different ways. As well as with other Firefighters in sometimes, very stressful and demanding situations.
The ability to calm and reassure someone who is very distressed can be vitally important in preventing them from going into shock, this can only be achieved through good communication.
There are many qualities that are needed to make a good Firefighter and these will be covered in slightly more detail however, the use of specific resources to improve areas in which you feel you could benefit from would greatly enhance your performance and development.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 238 source=c4 split=train =====
In order to use data to effectively improve the quality of care, seven important steps were listed that would help executives act in ways that manage mounting financial pressures.
As healthcare in America rapidly transitions from fee-for-service payment model to value-based care models, knowing where, when and how to use your data is of paramount importance on order to deliver quality care.
In order to comply with the increasingly complex alphabet soup of quality reporting and reimbursement rules, the fuel for the engine driving value-based care is strongly dependent on data. The promising benefits of the age of digital health, from electronic health records (EHRs) to wearable technology and other bells and whistles, will occur only as the result of accurate, reliable, actionable data. Providers and healthcare systems who master how to use data to improve quality of care for better population health and at reduced cost will benefit from financial incentives. Those who do not connect their data to quality improvement will suffer the consequences.
The key to achieving new financial incentives is data that is reliable, accurate and actionable. Now, more than ever, it is crucial to understand the data lifecycle and how it affects healthcare organizations.
Where is the data located? Paper charts? Electronic health records (EHRs)? Claims systems? Revenue cycle systems? And how many different EHRs are used by providers, from radiology to labs to primary care or specialists’ offices to others providing care? This step is even more crucial now as providers locate the sources of data required for quality and other reporting.
Some data are available electronically, some can be acquired electronically, but some will require manual abstraction. If a provider, health system or Accountable Care Organization (ACO) outsources that important work, it is imperative that the abstraction partner understand how to get into each EHR or paper-recording system.
And there is structured and unstructured data. A structured item in the EHR like a check box or treatment/diagnosis code can be captured electronically, but a qualitative clinician note must be abstracted manually.
Normalization ensures the data can be more than a number or a note but meaningful data that can form the basis for action. One simple example of normalizing data is reconciling formats of the data. Normalization ensures that information is used in the same way. Normalization makes the information unambiguous.
This step is crucial for value-based care because it consolidates the data from individual patients to groups or pools of patients. Aggregating the data is necessary before healthcare providers can analyze the overall impact and performance of the whole pool.
Reporting of healthcare data to registries and the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services is not new, but it is a growing need. Required reporting will become even more integral to healthcare quality improvement as private payers follow the CMS lead towards value-base care.
What was effective? What is the clinical point of view vs. a dollars/cost point of view? How are these two points of view reconciled to get the “right” results?
The most important function of data is using it to improve clinical processes and outcomes, the patient experience, and the financial bottom line. This stage is a combination of several, ensuring that the data is secure, actively managed and maintained.
Data that is accurate and reliable is not all that useful until it is actionable. The final stage in the data lifecycle is arguably the most important.
In the age of value-based healthcare, data is the key that will enable providers to be financially successful in the future as payments become more heavily based on value, and patients seek providers that meet their growing expectations.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 239 source=c4 split=train =====
Small Pool Gazebo Ideas is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at March 2, 2016 upload by gazebo designer in gazebo.
Small Pool Gazebo Ideas is high definition wallpaper and size this wallpaper is 936x624. You can make Small Pool Gazebo Ideas For your Desktop Background, Tablet, Android or iPhone and another Smartphone device for free. To download and obtain the Small Pool Gazebo Ideas images by click the download button below to get multiple high-resversions.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 240 source=c4 split=train =====
Why is there a brain drain from Facebook to Quora?
Facebook took the social media by storm. Between 2008 and 2013, Facebook saw a whopping growth of 1130% – when its user base rose from 100 Million to 1230 Million*. But in the recent months (or probably years), there is quite an agitation that portrays Facebook as non-productive ** and further accentuated by a shift to Quora. This post is a discussion on this topic.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 241 source=c4 split=train =====
The knowledge of God will show you what to build and destroy. You have to balance everything that you know and use your experience to rid yourself of certain things along your journey. We have to learn to detach from some of the things we know to make room for what is in store to GAIN! You have to pack light in order to FLY!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 242 source=c4 split=train =====
Most Trump voters say the current president's accusers lack credibility.
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton takes part in a campaign event for Philip Murphy, the Democratic Party nominee for governor of New Jersey, in Paramus, New Jersey, on Oct. 24.
A slim majority of Americans who supported Hillary Clinton in last year’s election believe that the sexual harassment and assault allegations against Bill Clinton are credible, according to a newly released HuffPost/YouGov survey.
Hillary Clinton voters say by a 42-point margin, 53 percent to 11 percent, that the accusations against Bill Clinton are credible, with the remaining 36 percent unsure.
The HuffPost/YouGov survey also asked about sexual misconduct accusations made against three other men: Harvey Weinstein, Bill O’Reilly and President Donald Trump. Voters across political lines largely agreed that the allegations against Weinstein are credible.
On the rest, there are significant political divides. Hillary Clinton voters are less likely to believe the allegations against Bill Clinton than they are to trust any of the other accusations. Trump voters almost universally find the accusations against Bill Clinton credible, but are far less likely to believe O’Reilly or Trump mistreated women. A 52 percent majority of Trump voters outright dismiss the allegations against Trump.
Polling from the 1990s indicates that Democrats were considerably less concerned about Bill Clinton’s behavior while he was in office. A 1999 Fox News poll found that 79 percent of Democrats said Clinton accuser Juanita Broaddrick’s allegations were “not worth investigating because the alleged event happened 20 years ago,” and that just 27 percent considered the multiple allegations against the president to represent a pattern of behavior on his part, rather than a pattern of behavior by his political enemies.
In a 1998 Time/CNN/Yankelovich Partners survey, 44 percent of Democrats believed that Clinton had made an unwanted advance toward Paula Jones, while 38 percent thought he had not. Since then, Democrats’ concerns about sexual harassment in general have risen sharply.
The HuffPost/YouGov survey also offers a hint of the way partisanship may affect not just responses to individual accusations, but also to the issue of sexual harassment itself.
Not everyone who participated in the HuffPost/YouGov poll saw the same questions. Those surveyed were divided into two groups, with half asked about Bill Clinton and Weinstein, and the other half getting the questions about O’Reilly and Trump.
After the questions about the credibility of the accusations, both groups were also asked a series of questions about workplace sexual harassment, including whether it’s more common for sexual harassment to go unreported and unpunished, or for people to make false accusations.
Trump voters who were asked about the accusations against Weinstein and former president Bill Clinton said by a 26-point margin, 44 percent to 18 percent, that it’s more common for sexual harassment to go unreported or unpunished than it is for people to make false accusations. Those who were instead asked about Trump and O’Reilly were about evenly split, 26 percent to 25 percent, on what pattern was more common.
Hillary Clinton voters in the two groups showed little difference on the question — those asked about Weinstein and Bill Clinton considered unpunished sexual harassment to be a more widespread occurrence by a 74-point margin, while those asked about Trump and O’Reilly said the same by a 79-point margin. But in response to another question, those who were asked about O’Reilly and Trump were 10 points likelier than those asked about Weinstein and Bill Clinton to describe workplace sexual harassment as a “very serious” problem.
The HuffPost/YouGov poll consisted of 1,000 completed interviews conducted Oct. 27-28 among U.S. adults, using a sample selected from YouGov’s opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 243 source=c4 split=train =====
Nikon Sport Optics has officially announced the introduction of its highly anticipated binocular with a built-in laser range finder. The new LaserForce rangefinder binocular combines superior optical quality, technologically enhanced features and a 100% backing with Nikon’s No-Fault Policy. This combination equates to a highly efficient must-have optic for results-driven hunters and shooters.
LaserForce features a laser capable of ranging distances from 10-1900 yards* and have the distances appear in a red OLED display. Distances are measured in increments of 0.1 m/yd for distances shorter than 100 m/yds and in increments of 1 m/yd for distances over 100 m/yds. The display offers a 4-step intensity adjustment, making it easily readable under any light conditions and against various objects. To compensate the effects that slope has on trajectory, LaserForce features ID (Incline/Decline) Technology. This gives users the option to have either Horizontal Distance (compensated) or Actual Distance displayed.
The 10×42 binocular component of the optic features ED (Extra-low dispersion) Glass. This superior glass corrects chromatic aberration that causes color fringing for high-resolution, contrast-rich images. Additionally, full multilayer-coated lenses and prisms and a reflective mirror coating that is applied on the mirror surface of roof prism unit, reveals pristine images. The long eye relief design combined with turn-and-slide rubber eyecups facilitate a custom fit for users’ individual viewing needs, even eyeglass wearers.
The overall design of LaserForce was engineered with the specific needs of hunters and shooters traveling the world’s most rugged types of terrain. The rubber armoring conforming to a metal die-cast body provides a highly durable exterior with a grip that is tailored to the texture and shape of the human hand. LaserForce is also completely waterproof/fogproof with a nitrogen-purged body that prevents fogging or molding inside the optical system even under significant changes in temperature.
With a MSRP of $1199.95, LaserForce is the single optic solution for serious hunters and shooters who mandate a high-quality binocular to acquire a distant target and a dependable laser to range the exact distance before taking the shot.
*For reference. Under Nikon’s measurement conditions. The specifications of the product may not be achieved depending on the target object’s shape, surface texture and nature, and/or weather conditions.
For more information on Nikon’s full line of Riflescopes, Binoculars, Fieldscopes, and Laser Rangefinders, please contact: Nikon Sport Optics, 1300 Walt Whitman Rd., Melville, NY 11747-3064, or call 1-800-645-6687. www.NikonSportOptics.com. All Nikon Trademarks are the property of Nikon Corporation.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 244 source=c4 split=train =====
Dr. Anatoliy Vilnits, MD is an internal medicine specialist in Brooklyn, NY and has been practicing for 38 years. He graduated from Perm State Med Academy Perm Russia in 1981 and specializes in internal medicine.
×Post a ResponseAre you Dr. Anatoliy Vilnits, MD?
From the start he was straight forward. He explained all my conditions thoroughly and provided me with the proper medications..
How was your experience with Dr. Vilnits?
Check the quality of care at hospitals where Dr. Vilnits treats patients.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 245 source=c4 split=train =====
The reverse Polish scheme was proposed in 1954 by Arthur Burks, Don Info elektronika pdf, and Jesse Wright and was independently reinvented by Friedrich L. During the 1970s and 1980s, Hewlett-Packard used RPN in all of their desktop and hand-held calculators, and continued to use it in some into the 2010’s. Most of what follows is about binary operators.
An example of a unary operator whose standard notation may be interpreted as reverse Polish notation is the factorial, “n! Polish notation: 4 is first subtracted from 3, then 5 is added to it. An advantage of reverse Polish notation is that it removes the need for parentheses that are required by infix notation. In comparison testing of reverse Polish notation with algebraic notation, reverse Polish has been found to lead to faster calculations, for two reasons. Because reverse Polish calculators do not need expressions to be parenthesized, fewer operations need to be entered to perform typical calculations. Additionally, users of reverse Polish calculators made fewer mistakes than for other types of calculator. There are other ways of producing postfix expressions from infix expressions.
1963, and the American Burroughs B5000, announced in 1961 and also delivered in 1963. Later LCD-based calculators in the early 1980s such as the HP-10C, HP-11C, HP-15C, HP-16C, and the financial calculator, the HP-12C also used reverse Polish notation. Around 1987, HP introduced RPL, an object-oriented successor to reverse Polish notation. HP 30b hardware platform, support Hewlett-Packard-style classical reverse Polish notation with either a four- or an eight-level stack. In Britain, Clive Sinclair’s Sinclair Scientific and Scientific Programmable models used reverse Polish notation. Prinz and Prinztronic were own-brand trade names of the British Dixons photographic and electronic goods stores retail chain, which was later rebranded as Currys Digital stores, and became part of DSG International.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 246 source=c4 split=train =====
The Breakfast Bar is family owned and operated. We hold our employees to the highest standards and look for that same level of standards when looking to add new staff to the family. We review applicants and hire on an as needed basis. Filling out the application below adds you to the list of candidates to be considered.
Positions are filled as needed and your application will be under consideration.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 247 source=c4 split=train =====
Once a year or so, John Perry Barlow has a party called a Barlow Friendzy, a party for his "real friends." "A real friend is someone who will get up in the middle of the night and bail you out of jail," Barlow quips. A flamboyant, brilliant and outspoken character, writer and revolutionary, Barlow is … Continue reading Are Facebook friends held to a lower standard of accountability than real friends?
Don’t let cheap outsourcing ruin your blog or social media program.
Are you this hard up for work in a recession? Reviewer needed. "Hands on" experience required. And it's lousy pay too. But you'll get lots of "exposure" in millions of spam messages. This wasn't the actual job listing, but I was floored when I perused Freelancer.com and saw ads for writers offering $1 an article … Continue reading Don’t let cheap outsourcing ruin your blog or social media program.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 248 source=c4 split=train =====
Lucas Fox offers an enticing selection of Universidad real estate for sale and rent, including both exciting renovation projects and stunning luxury apartments ready to move straight into.
Buying Universidad real estate is a secure investment as properties for sale in the area offer excellent rental yield. Moreover its central location makes it attractive and convenient both for visitors and those living and working in the Spanish capital.
Universidad is an area of central Madrid that, together with the trendy neighbourhood of Malasaña, was originally known as the "Barrio de Maravillas".
Enjoy the buzzing nightlife of the Universidad area which attracts university students and foreign tourists all year round. It is a truly unique neighbourhood and has often been compared to London's Camden Town for its alternative vibe.
This area stands out for its wide and rich heritage and for the varied cultural events on offer all year round. At the Conde Duque cultural centre you can see plays, expositions and dance performances, and in the summer the main square becomes the venue for magical concerts, not to be missed. This neighbourhood really does offer some of the best entertainment to be found in Madrid, as well as many trendy shops, restaurants and bars.
Universidad is particularly well connected with several metro stations and excellent bus services.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 249 source=c4 split=train =====
KIGALI (Reuters) - A Rwandan high court judge ordered the release on bail on Friday of an opposition activist and her mother who were detained last year on charges of incitement after she was barred from standing against President Paul Kagame in elections.
Diane Rwigara, a 37-year-old accountant, repeatedly accused Kagame of stifling dissent and criticized his Rwandan Patriotic Front’s near total hold on power since it fought its way to office to end a genocide in 1994.
She had planned to run against Kagame in an August election but her candidacy was blocked by the electoral board on the grounds that she had not submitted enough supporters’ signatures and that some of those she did submit were forged.
She and her mother were detained and later charged with incitement. Their trial began last year.
Judge Claire Bukuba at the Rwandan High Court ordered the immediate release on bail of Rwigara and her mother, dismissing the prosecution’s claim that they posed a risk to national security.
But she banned the pair from leaving the capital Kigali without authorization from the public prosecutor.
Kagame is praised for restoring stability in Rwanda and for rapid economic progress after a genocide in 1994, but rights groups say he has muzzled independent media and suppressed opponents. The government dismisses those accusations as false.
As Bukuba read out her ruling to a courtroom packed with diplomats, journalist and relatives of the two women, her decision was greeted with cheers and cries of “Praise to God!”.
Rwigara told Reuters in an interview late on Friday after arriving at her home she would continue pursuing her political ambitions despite her jail experience.
A spokesman for Rwanda’s top prosecutor said that the court decision was based on law and must be respected. “We will consider whether to challenge it or not and of course continue to prepare our trial,” Faustin Nkusi said.
The court’s ruling comes several weeks after Rwanda freed Victoire Ingabire, an opposition leader who had served six years of a 15-year jail term, after Kagame exercised his power to grant a pardon.
After attending Friday’s court hearing, Ingabire said she was very happy that the two Rwigara women had been released. She called on the government to release members of her political party who are still jailed and to release all other “political prisoners” in the country.
“I hope this is the beginning of the opening of political space in Rwanda”, she said.
Ingabire leads an unregistered opposition party, the FDU-Inkigi, and she was freed along with several other prisoners, including singer Kizito Mihigo, jailed in 2015 for plotting to kill Kagame.
Last month, two opposition MPs won seats in the country’s 80-seat parliament for the first time. The legislature is tightly controlled by Kagame’s ruling Rwanda Patriotic Front (RPF), which fought its way to power to end the genocide.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 250 source=c4 split=train =====
"Aaron Shepard" is composed of at least 2 distinct authors, divided by their works.
Shepard, Aaron b.1950, USA, children's book author and author of works on self-publishing. VIAF 35289916. Author of The Baker's Dozen: A Saint Nicholas Tale.
Shepard, Aaron b. 1973, Canada, author of When is a Man. VIAF 305359048.
"Aaron Shepard" is composed of at least 2 distinct authors, divided by their works. You can edit the division.
Aaron Shepard is composed of 3 names. You can examine and separate out names.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 251 source=c4 split=train =====
Сейчас идет снег в Col De L'arzelier ?Thank you!
Our Snow Report for Col De L'arzelier brings daily updates on the snow conditions, snow depths, piste and offpiste conditions and the number of open ski lifts. The latest Col De L'arzelier snow report shown below was updated on 7 Apr 2019. Snow Reports are provided regularly throughout the ski season courtesy of our own network of ski resort managers, the Skiclub of Great Britain and Skiresort Service International GmbH. In addition to the current report on ski conditions, we also provide webcams (including a 4 week cam archive), current live observations from nearby weather stations and also historical snow data for Col De L'arzelier.
Resort Ski Report:0 из 4 Открыто подъемников. Our model predicted that 4cm (1.6 inches) of snow fell over 24 hours between Saturday 06 of April at 8PM and Sunday 07 of April at 8PM CEST at the mid mountain level. Compacted depth will be less.
The snow report describes the piste and off-piste ski conditions at Col De L'arzelier. You can submit an updated snow report here. Piste and off-piste are often different so we ask snow reporters to describe Col De L'arzelier piste and off-piste conditions separately. If these details are missing from the Col De L'arzelier snow report, you can predict off-piste conditions using the snow depth, the date of the most recent snowfall at Col De L'arzelier, the Col De L'arzelier weather report and the forecast.
Members can check the hindcast for a timeline of Col De L'arzelier weather conditions. This detailed weather log makes it easy to predict snow conditions at Col De L'arzelier, even when the snow report is too old to be useful. The hindcast shows when our weather model last predicted snowfall at Col De L'arzelier. It shows how much snow we think fell then, and the way freezing level, wind and weather have varied through time. You will be able to predict whether to expect off-piste powder, slush, spring snow, ice or wind crust.
Whenever weather conditions change, Col De L'arzelier snow conditions will change too, so it is important to check the time and date of the Col De L'arzelier snow report and to guess what effect the weather will have had on snow quality between then and now. For example, the Col De L'arzelier snow report on Friday afternoon may indicate fresh powder but if Friday night is mild and rainy then ski conditions will be very poor on Saturday morning. Conversely, if the weather stays stable and cold, the same snow report can be valid for more than a week. We advise that you check the Col De L'arzelier snow forecast to see if conditions are likely to change before your visit.
Many skiers enjoy moguls and fast icy pistes but for off-piste skiers and free-ride snowboarders, fresh snow starts to deteriorate from the moment it settles. Wind, rain and periods of above-freezing temperature are the primary cause of the evolution from fresh powder to windslab, ice or slush. High altitude slopes that are shaded from the sun and sheltered from the wind preserve powder stashes longer after fresh snowfall. If the snow report mentions pockets of powder at Col De L'arzelier, study the Col De L'arzelier piste map in relation to the wind direction to determine the most likely locations.
We stress the importance of checking the date on the Col De L'arzelier snow report particularly around weekends. For example, the snow report for Col De L'arzelier on Friday may indicate powder after recent snowfall but following a sunny and busy weekend, when the locals hit the mountains en masse, the ski conditions (at any resort) can deteriorate rapidly and late arrivals may see very different ski conditions. Of course some people look for deteriorating conditions in the snow report for the likely development of mogul fields but for powder lovers and particularly snowboarders this can mean tracked out off-piste snow. Of course, this doesn’t always happen quickly after fresh snowfall particularly at quiet Север facing resorts at high altitude where genuine powder stashes may be found days or even weeks later. It is worth checking the piste map for Col De L'arzelier (found in menu above) for the location of favourable slopes that may be described in the "Col De L'arzelier Snow Conditions" part of the snow report. In addition to checking the Col De L'arzelier snow report we recommend that you check the snow forecasts found in the menu at the top of the page along with our ski resort guide.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 252 source=c4 split=train =====
You need an SSH client on your computer.
On Mac you can use Terminal which is included by default.
On Windows-based computers you can install a third-party application like PuTTY.
Remember to replace one-example.com with your own domain.
Enter your password. Please note that you will not see any characters typed or your cursor moving. This is a standard security feature for terminals.
Everything is now ready for you to start typing commands.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 253 source=c4 split=train =====
Adopt a Cat, Kitten, or Bunny at Whiskers in Wonderland at Manhattan Petco Stores on Sunday!
Don’t miss New York City’s largest pet adoption opportunity of the holiday season!
Whiskers in Wonderland, hosted by the Mayor’s Alliance for NYC’s Animals in partnership with the Petco Foundation, will feature hundreds of cats, kittens, and rabbits just waiting to be welcomed into new homes. In return, these furry new friends will give the gift of unconditional love!
More than 300 cats, kittens, and rabbits* will be available for adoption from over 20 rescue groups and shelters. Scheduled groups (subject to change) include ASPCA, Bideawee, Brooklyn Animal Action, Brooklyn Bridge Animal Welfare Coalition, Bronx Tails Cat Rescue, City Critters, Empty Cages Collective, For Animals, Inc., Heavenly Angels Animal Rescue, KittyKind, Liberty Humane Society, Linda’s Cat Assistance, Little Shelter Animal Rescue & Adoption Center, NYC Feral Cat Initiative, Picasso Veterinary Fund, Posh Pets Rescue, Rabbit Rescue & Rehab, Sean Casey Animal Rescue, Staten Island Hope Animal Rescue, Union Township Animal Shelter, Tavi & Friends, A Winters Tail, and Washington Heights Cat Colony.
* Note: Rabbits will be available at Union Square, 86th & Lexington, and Columbus Square locations only.
Rock & Rawhide will collect donations of pet toys and clean linens for shelter animals.
Enter the Whiskers in Wonderland Sweepstakes!
Enter for your chance to win a $100 or $300 Whiskers in Wonderland Petco gift card! Share your personal link with your friends and earn more chances to win.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 254 source=c4 split=train =====
I need to download an older version of the PostgreSQL ova. I'm setting up an old build environment, and need to use the 9.4.6 version. Can you provide a link, or point me to where you've got older versions?
Thanks!, that will definitely help. Is there a way to know which releases of software have an OVA, or faster to simply post a question?
We provide installers and OVAs but in this case, it seems we ran into some issue when publishing the OVA. In case you want any other version, please let us know and we will share the link with you.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 255 source=c4 split=train =====
Learn how to use photographs to tell more compelling stories about community development. Photographer Marissa Diekhoff of Housing Action Illinois presented this webinar to NACEDA's Communications Peer Group. Access the PowerPoint slides, digital camera tips, a sample conference shot list, and additional photography resources.
Kate Hill-Johnson, Administrative Director of Community Health Improvement at Franciscan Health, provides an overview of IRS Community Benefit regulation, Community Health Needs Assessments, and Community Health Improvement Plans in this webinar. Learn how to engage with hospitals in work that improves community health. See what online tools you can use to access information about hospital community benefit staff, priorities, and spending. Access the PowerPoint slides.
NACEDA members can access additional webinars. You will need to log in to access this members-only content.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 256 source=c4 split=train =====
The latest product of elegant themes, Divi is the part of the company’s pack of 3 plugins and 87 WordPress themes. Since its launch, it has experienced various updates. One of the most salient features associates with Divi is the availability of page builder tool along with the option of inline editing. So if you in search of a premium WordPress themes, with excellent quality and personalization option then Divi could be the one.
If you want to build your site and looking for a multi-purpose WordPress theme, then Divi offer the great flexibility to build any site either business blogging or e-commerce. For the premium WordPress themes like Divi and many more, there is one trustworthy place, and that is themeocean. Download WordPress themes from themeocean and built your site with premium WordPress themes.
So, at first comes the feature that makes Divi unique from various other WordPress themes and that is the presence of Page builder tool. With this tool, there is no need for any technical knowledge for the building and designing of the page all you need is to drag the pre-designed modules and drop where you want them at the page.
With the availability of more than 6 content modules now you can choose various mix and matches to create and a different site for you.
In Divi, unlike other WordPress themes, you can save your content modules in the Divi library.
Divi offers pre-designed, fully functional and elegant landing page layouts that can be customized. With the variety of layout style, now users can not only go with the pre-designed one but also personalized it according to requirements.
So grab this highly efficient and one of the best WordPress themes and download your Divi premium WordPress theme today from themeocean.
you can create and save the layout then later just loaded again for create new pages. Save hours of time to create for your client project.
When you build a new layout then you can share the works on the community, it’s such a wonderful thing for WordPress web designers!
Lot of header and footer options available in the divi theme.
Sign up Today for get the world class most powerful WordPress theme.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 257 source=c4 split=train =====
There are 11 financial advisors in Tualatin, OR. Below is a list of the 10 most popular financial advisors on Financial Advisory Firms. Are you looking for a financial advisor specialized in a specific financial issues? Refine your search by selecting a financial issues.
NEED A TUALATIN FINANCIAL ADVISOR?
Financial Advisory Firms is one of the worlds largest financial advisor directories listing a total of 11 financial advisors in Tualatin, Oregon.
Each Tualatin financial advisor profile covers office location, office hours, contact details, area of practice, education, client recommendations, financial advisor biography and more.
Our goal is to make your search for the right financial advisors & financial advisory firms in Tualatin, Oregon quick and easy.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 258 source=c4 split=train =====
‘Tis the season for new holiday books to be released, from Christmas murder mysteries to hilarious holiday stories to snowy romances. If you’re looking for a great novel to get you in the holiday spirit, check out these Christmas books for adults below.
It’s been too long since the entire Quinn family has been able to celebrate the holidays under the same roof, but that’s about to change. With Bart back safe and sound from Afghanistan, the Quinns are preparing for a holiday more joyous than any they’ve experienced in years. And Bart’s safe return isn’t the family’s only good news: Kevin is enjoying married life with Isabelle; Patrick is getting back on his feet after paying his debt to society; Ava thinks she’s finally found the love of her life; and Kelly is thrilled to see his family reunited at last. But it just wouldn’t be a Quinn family gathering if things went smoothly. A celebration of everything we love — and some of the things we endure — about the holidays, Winter Solstice is Elin Hilderbrand at her festive best.
August 1914. England is at war. As Evie Elliott watches her brother, Will, and his best friend, Thomas Harding, depart for the front, she believes — as everyone does — that it will be over by Christmas, when the trio plan to celebrate the holiday among the romantic cafes of Paris.
Evie and Thomas experience a very different war. Frustrated by life as a privileged young lady, Evie longs to play a greater part in the conflict — but how? — and as Thomas struggles with the unimaginable realities of war he also faces personal battles back home where War Office regulations on press reporting cause trouble at his father’s newspaper business. Through their letters, Evie and Thomas share their greatest hopes and fears — and grow ever fonder from afar. Can love flourish amid the horror of the First World War, or will fate intervene?
Merry Knight is pretty busy these days. She’s taking care of her family, baking cookies, decorating for the holidays, and hoping to stay out of the crosshairs of her stressed and by-the-book boss at the consulting firm where she temps. Her own social life is the last thing she has in mind, much less a man. Without her knowledge, Merry’s well-meaning mom and brother create an online dating profile for her — minus her photo — and the matches start rolling in. Initially, Merry is incredulous, but she reluctantly decides to give it a whirl.
Soon Merry finds herself chatting with a charming stranger, a man with similar interests and an unmistakably kind soul. Their online exchanges become the brightest part of her day. But meeting face-to-face is altogether different, and her special friend is the last person Merry expects — or desires. Still, sometimes hearts can see what our eyes cannot. In this satisfying seasonal tale, unanticipated love is only a click away.
Having brought his legions of devoted readers to Oz in Wicked and to Wonderland in After Alice, Maguire now takes us to the realms of the Brothers Grimm and E. T. A. Hoffmann– the enchanted Black Forest of Bavaria and the salons of Munich. Hiddensee imagines the backstory of the Nutcracker, revealing how this entrancing creature came to be carved and how he guided an ailing girl named Klara through a dreamy paradise on a Christmas Eve. At the heart of Hoffmann’s mysterious tale hovers Godfather Drosselmeier — the ominous, canny, one-eyed toy maker made immortal by Petipa and Tchaikovsky’s fairy tale ballet– who presents the once and future Nutcracker to Klara, his goddaughter.
But Hiddensee is not just a retelling of a classic story. Maguire discovers in the flowering of German Romanticism ties to Hellenic mystery-cults — a fascination with death and the afterlife — and ponders a profound question: How can a person who is abused by life, shortchanged and challenged, nevertheless access secrets that benefit the disadvantaged and powerless? Ultimately, Hiddensee offers a message of hope. If the compromised Godfather Drosselmeier can bring an enchanted Nutcracker to a young girl in distress on a dark winter evening, perhaps everyone, however lonely or marginalized, has something precious to share.
’Tis the season of giving — and with this wonderful book, New York Times bestselling author Anne Perry shares a brand-new holiday mystery filled with bygone relationships and hidden secrets.
It’s a Christmas affair to remember as a Hollywood mogul discovers his inner cowboy — and the woman of his dreams — amid the rugged beauty of Wyoming.
Run for the hills — temporarily. That’s Colbie Albright’s plan when she flees New York for San Francisco. Wrangling her crazy family by day and writing a bestselling YA fantasy series by night has taken its toll. In short, Colbie’s so over it that she’s under it. She’s also under the waters of a historic San Francisco fountain within an hour of arrival. Fortunately, the guy who fishes Colbie out has her looking forward to Christmas among strangers. But she’s pretty sure Spencer Baldwin won’t be a stranger for long.
Spence’s commitment to hiding from the Ghosts of Relationships Past means he doesn’t have to worry about the powerful — okay, crazy hot — chemistry he’s got with Colbie. Just because she can laugh at anything, especially herself… just because she’s gorgeous and a great listener…just because she “gets” Spence immediately doesn’t mean he won’t be able to let Colbie go. Does it?
After years apart, Mick and Megan O’Brien are finally ready to make it official… again. Most of their grown children couldn’t be happier about their rekindled love and impending marriage this holiday season. Only Connor is a holdout. Driven to become a divorce attorney after what he views as his mother’s abandonment of their family, Connor’s not about to give his blessing to this reunion romance.
The last thing Megan wants to do is hurt her family again. After all, is she really sure she and Mick can make it this time around? And when an unexpected delivery causes chaos, it seems only a miracle can reunite this family.
Of course, it is Christmas — the season of miracles.
The flames of memory always seem to glow a little brighter during the holidays. Perhaps that’s why this time of year is so difficult for airline heiress Ivy Macintosh, as she faces thoughts of yet another festive season alone. Since the plane crash that claimed the lives of her husband and two children eight years ago, she’s been submerged in grief.
It’s Christmas, and for the first time in years the entire Birch family will be under one roof. Even Emma and Andrew’s elder daughter — who is usually off saving the world — will be joining them at Weyfield Hall, their aging country estate. But Olivia, a doctor, is only coming home because she has to. Having just returned from treating an epidemic abroad, she’s been told she must stay in quarantine for a week… and so too should her family.
For the next seven days, the Birches are locked down, cut off from the rest of humanity — and even decent Wi-Fi — and forced into each other’s orbits. Younger, unabashedly frivolous daughter Phoebe is fixated on her upcoming wedding, while Olivia deals with the culture shock of being immersed in first-world problems.
Bestselling romance author Jacob Churcher hasn’t been home for almost 20 years — not since his mentally ill mother kicked him out of the house when he was just sixteen. When a lawyer calls, days before Christmas, to inform him that his estranged mother has passed away and left her house to him, Jacob returns not just to settle the estate but to try and reconcile with the past and the pain and abuse he experienced as a child. Also, maybe cleaning out her house will be slightly less depressing than spending the holidays alone, watching re-runs of Christmas classics.
Determined to conquer a lifetime of shyness, Harriet Knight challenges herself to do one thing a day in December that scares her, including celebrating Christmas without her family. But when dog walker Harriet meets her newest client, exuberant spaniel Madi, she adds an extra challenge to her list — dealing with Madi’s temporary dog sitter, gruff doctor Ethan Black, and their very unexpected chemistry.
Ethan thought

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 259 source=c4 split=train =====
I spent years in corporate America helping people who were frustrated with other people find the right words to express their disappointment, resentment or anger.
People either explode with rage or sit and simmer until they reach the boiling point or develop ulcers.
How do you get your point across without killing someone or sabotaging your own self esteem and power?
You may need to assess your beliefs about conflict. It’s bad. It never turns out right. They’ll hate me. etc. Your beliefs dictate how you handle feedback. You must believe that if you handle it well, that it will be well received.
The key is to release your thoughts in the way that steam is released from a pressure cooker…a little at at time. Don’t wait until you can’t stand it anymore. It may be OK to let an incident or two go by (if they aren’t major). But the moment you see anunwanted pattern developing, it’s time to address it.
Clearly, there is no guarantee your message will be heard in the way you want, but there are things you can do to increase the chances of that.
1. Make sure the person has at least a few minutes to have a conversation with you. Something as simple as a polite “Do you have a few minutes?” is a good start.
2. If you’re reluctant to start the conversation, identify the source of your reluctance and start the conversation there. “I have something to talk with you about but I’m afraid… “I’ll hurt your feelings” or “you’ll be angry” or “this will have a negative impact on our relationship” or what ever your concern is.
3. Talk about the other person’s actions and behavior, not your assessment or judgment about them. Labels like ‘neurotic’, ‘controlling’, ‘irresponsible’ or ‘passive-aggressive’ are incendiary and will almost certainly raise the hackles of the receiver and start a fight.
4. Get clear yourself about specifically you need from the person that you aren’t getting. State in as specific behavioral terms as you can muster what you expect or want to see instead. “I need to get a response within 48 hours of contacting you” or “I need you to put your files/clothes/equipment away as soon as you’re done with them”.
If you practice talking about observable behavior rather than someone’s intentions, motives or character, you’ll be more successful and build confidence in your ability deal with difficult situations.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 260 source=c4 split=train =====
Some people called the screen off animation a myth, this is to show it's actually real. This is completely unedited 1080p footage straight from a 550D camera. I built AOSP for my Nexus One, flashed it, and this is what happens.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 261 source=c4 split=train =====
Just saw this article in a small local paper that mentions that Suffolk has received a grant to make a Transportation center in Patchouge for the proposed Stony Brook-Patchouge BRT.
So it sounds like they are planning on moving forward with the route. The route will also connect the commuinity with employment with opportunities at SUNY Stony Brook and Brookhaven Memorial Hospital Medical Center. I'm not sure if that means the route would be extended to Brookhaven Memorial Hospital Medical Center or they mean by way of transfer to the 7B.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 262 source=c4 split=train =====
The recreation area an ideal habitat for many mammals and birds. Perhaps most noticeable to the summer visitor are water dwellers, especially beaver and waterfowl. These animals are vital to maintaining crucial water levels in the ecosystem; their dams and lodges must not be disturbed.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 263 source=c4 split=train =====
The official Cubot Note Plus Stock Firmware is here with driver tool and guide. Cubot Note Plus is now available on the market and after release TWRP and root method, you can install lots of mods, custom ROM and much more. To keep your device safe always save Cubot Note Plus firmware to repair. You can also update Cubot Note Plus smartphone and revert back to stock firmware, also If your Device Brick or Bootloop after installing Custom ROM’s, Kernels or anything this firmware will Unbrick Cubot Note Plus.
If you facing any lag of your device, network issue, Screen freezing, unresponsive Touch and camera fail or any software related problem then you can download the Stock ROM or stock firmware for Cubot Note Plus. By installing this stock firmware you can solve Screen freezing, boot loop other software related issues. Also, you can use this firmware to unbrick Cubot Note Plus. Stock firmware doesn’t void the warranty of your device. The Cubot Note Plus Firmware is now available for all regions with play store. So let’s go the instruction to download the Firmware.
This year, Cubot released Cubot Note Plus with Android 7.0 (Nougat). This device runs on 1.5 GHz octa-core MediaTek MT6737T processor and it comes with 3 GB of RAM. This device comes with a 5.2 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen with 1920 x 1080 pixels. It has 32 GB of internal storage.
This device brings the 16-Megapixel rear camera to capture good quality images and 16-Megapixels front-facing camera for the selfies. The device powered by Non-removable Li-Po 2800 mAh battery. It has a Light sensor, Distance sensor, Accelerometer.
We have uploaded the latest Cubot Note Plus firmware, SP Flash Tool and MTK driver so you can download directly from our site. This firmware helps you to many software issues and also unbrick Cubot Note Plus.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 264 source=c4 split=train =====
Local online jewellery company Ethical Chic specialises in ethically sourced designs. Owner Geraldine Goh shares how her business is helping to bring about positive change in underprivileged communities.
Artisans connected to Ethical Chic are guaranteed proper working conditions, fair pay, and access to tools and training, and retain creative control over the designs they produce.
aunched in 2016, Ethical Chic is an online jewellery store that retails beautiful handmade pieces by rural, mostly female, artisans from around the world. Its founder, Geraldine Goh, had read an article about fair trade and was disturbed that artisans in developing countries were often paid next to nothing and forced to work in small, cramped, unventilated spaces, and unsafe buildings.
Her research revealed two non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in Phnom Penh, Cambodia, that were creating job opportunities for rural artisans in their local communities. Inspired by the possibility that she, too, could bring about positive change, Goh launched Ethical Chic “with the aim of making a difference, and creating a platform for these artisans to reach a wider market”.
Ethical Chic features handcrafted bangles, earrings, necklaces, pendants, and rings. Its Smith collection is produced by artisans from around the world, including India and Thailand, using traditional methods, while its Peace collection is made by Cambodian artisans using objects of war from the 1970s, like artillery and bullet cartridges. These objects are melted down and then moulded and polished into brass jewellery. Goh leaves the designs entirely up to the artisans.
No two pieces are identical and everything is made in small batches, but the true value of the jewellery is that the pieces are ethically sourced with the help of partners who share her values. Both her current partners are NGOs that she found through careful online research. They market the jewellery on the artisans’ behalf. One sources jewellery from home-based artisans; the other has a workshop where the jewellery is made and an on-site retail store that sells the finished pieces. Goh works with them to ensure items are procured in a sustainable manner, and ensures the artisans have clean, well-lit, and safe workspaces, and are paid fairly for their craft.
She also sources some of her products via an online platform associated with a reputable non-profit educational organisation, whose name she wishes to keep private. The platform creates an avenue for artisans who reside in remote rural areas and do not have the means to reach out to international markets. The artisans are paid fairly and have control over the pricing of their work. “By continuing to purchase from the artisans, we are providing not only financial support but also recognition for their craft,” Goh says.
Working closely with her partners ensures that Goh has a better understanding of how and where her jewellery is made, and of the artisans who make them. On her last trip to Cambodia, she got to visit the workshops and find out how her partner provides job opportunities – for instance, interested individuals with no jewellery making experience are taught the skills they need to create designs that sell.
Goh also forges meaningful connections with her partners and artisans. On the same Cambodia trip, she visited an artisan who started his own jewellery business, purchased a few pieces from him, and gave him market feedback.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 265 source=c4 split=train =====
Eastbound lanes on the Interstate 210 freeway will again be closed to traffic for a 34-hour period beginning Saturday, August 27, until Monday, August 29, as part of the ongoing reconstruction on the interstate in northwest Pasadena.
In a report in the City Manager’s Weekly Newsletter, Pasadena Transportation Director Frederick C. Dock said the closure will be from 7 p.m. on Saturday through 5 a.m. Monday.
Dock said nightly intermittent lane/ramp closures will also occur throughout the corridor as traffic is rerouted around active construction zones. These types of closures have been occurring for the last year and are expected to continue through the end of the project in 2018.
At the August 15 City Council meeting, Councilmembers raised some questions on whether additional road and ramp closures should be anticipated, and whether Caltrans could do more to inform the public of these impending closures.
The Transportation Department said Caltrans could only say aside from the closures next weekend, there will be intermittent closures of the access at all of the interchanges on the I-210 in Northwest Pasadena. The closures will be for 45-day periods, but will only be for one pair of on/off ramps at a time. Once a ramp is closed, the closure will last up to 45 days without reopening.
Dock said Transportation Department personnel are working with Caltrans constantly to ensure the 45-day ramp closures do not coincide with major Rose Bowl activities. This phase of the construction will have the most impact on residents and businesses in Northwest Pasadena, and City staff is working to minimize the detour and route relocation efforts.
Caltrans Public Affairs also reported they have been issuing press releases about the closures regularly and posting portable Changeable Message Signs (PCMS) along the freeways at least a week before the weekend closures.
The closure notices are also shared with all media outlets in the area, including print, TV and radio, and government agencies including local cities, the Los Angeles County Sheriff, California Highway Patrol and elected state officials.
In Pasadena, Dock says his staff also reached out to local stakeholders including the Rose Bowl, Pasadena Community College, Norton Simon Museum and local hospitals to provide them information about the closures.
Caltrans provided closure updates on Twitter, and Pasadena Transportation also promoted the work a week before on its Twitter account.
The City’s Public Information Office also provided press release and social media content parallel to Caltrans activities.
Navigation app providers – Google maps and Waze, among others – were made aware of the closures including their effects in the providers’ routing guidance and visual displays, Dock said.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 266 source=c4 split=train =====
08 Apr Do You Have a Billion Dollar Business Hiding Inside Your Company?
03 Apr Have You Fallen Into the Mile Wide Trap?
12 Mar Is Now the Time To Sell Your Business?
11 Mar Does Your Business Have Curb Appeal?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 267 source=c4 split=train =====
This wild cat is known by more names than any other animal in the world! In most of the US, it is called a mountain lion, cougar, or puma. In Florida, it is usually called a panther. No matter what the name, the mountain lion is a powerful and important predator. Mountain lions are the stealthiest of cats, hunting prey two to three times their own size. Some mountain lions eat porcupines, quills and all, apparently without any harm. Our mountain lions came to the Zoo after they were found orphaned in the wild at an age where they were much too young to care for themselves. Now they give our guests a chance to experience mountain lions, which frequently roam the hills just east and north of San Diego. We hope you will gain an appreciation of this magnificent cat that lives in San Diego’s own backyard.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 268 source=c4 split=train =====
Our PERMAFLEX® 5014 magnetic foils are plastic-bonded, flexible and permanent magnetic. These foils are produced in various widths and thicknesses.
The plastic constituents make the foil flexible, allowing it to be cut and punched with ease. The non-magnetic side is coated with white PVC and can be printed using a variety of methods, e.g. screen or digital printing.
With a material thickness of 0.3 mm, our PERMAFLEX® 5014 is available with white paper lamination and can be custom-printed using conventional inkjet printers. A3 and A4 sizes with paper lamination are available.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 269 source=c4 split=train =====
Halloween is right around the corner! Throw an unforgettable hot tub party.
No matter your budget, there are a variety of ways to turn your backyard retreat into a fun and spooky night, appropriate for all ages. Don’t be afraid to work with any decorations you already have, too! Below are some easy ways to get ready for the big night.
First, figure out if you want to have a color theme. If so, typical Halloween colors involve orange and black or purple and black. You can even go with a Fall color theme such as orange, red and brown. No matter what you choose, deciding on colors first makes it easier to pick which decorations will match your hot tub party.
You can never have too many pumpkins on Halloween! Grab large pumpkins, small pumpkins, even different colored pumpkins. You can carve out fun decorations onto your pumpkin and light them up at night. To go even beyond this, try out some pumpkin recipes! There are plenty of pumpkin-themed drinks, appetizers, and desserts to wow your guests.
No Halloween hot tub party is complete without some spooky decorations!
Try a mix of skeletons, tombstones, ghosts, spiders, spiderwebs, witches, bats, and whatever suits your mood. Some decorations can be set on the table, others placed into the lawn, and you can even hang a few from the ceiling. Certain decorations are even in the form of fun costume jewelry that you can give out to your guests. If you have empty bottles, you can make your own decorations! Just cut out some construction paper in the shape of bats or skulls, hot glue some twine around the opening, and you can place this in the middle of tables! If you’re having a seated dinner, you can also use fake vampire teeth as the napkin rings. There’s plenty of ways to get creative!
Now that your decorations are complete, it’s time to figure out what games you’ll have available. One common game is apple bobbing! All you need is a large bin filled with water and apples. Without using any other part of the body, players must catch an apple with their teeth. Another game you can find is pin the bone on the skeleton. You can find these at any party store or make your own! It’s like pin the tail on the donkey but with a Halloween twist. Ever play ring toss at a carnival? You can make one at home, too! Grab several witches’ hats, make sure the point can stand upright without falling, and people can attempt to throw a ring onto the point of the hat. Last but not least, you can even make a spooky maze for your guests.
Some guests may want a break from games or the hot tub. A great way to keep them entertained is to have a movie on in the background. Depending on the age of your guests, you’ll want to have an appropriate lineup of Halloween movies. If you have a fire pit in the backyard, you could also place some scary short stories on the table next to it. Then, have everyone take turns reading a paragraph while warming up by the fire.
Last but not least, don’t forget food and drinks for your guests!
You can even make it in the style of a potluck where guests are encouraged to bring a dish of their own. There are plenty of recipes online to make colored drinks that look like potions, easy skeleton-themed cookies, and even kabobs with marshmallows in the form of ghosts! Don’t be afraid to get creative.
No matter how you style your Halloween hot tub party, the most important thing is that everyone has fun. We wish you and all your guests a safe and spooky Halloween!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 270 source=c4 split=train =====
CSI is Cloudmark Sender Intelligence, a comprehensive global sender monitoring and analysis system that delivers timely and accurate reputation on good, bad, and suspect senders. CSI uses real-time data from Cloudmark's Global Threat Network system to create the industry's most comprehensive sender reputation service.
More information about Cloudmark Sender Intelligence and why your email may have been blocked please refer to the FAQ.
You may request a reset of all related email traffic statistics within CSI for your IP address via the CSI IP Reputation Remediation Portal; please ensure you have read the FAQ above before doing so.
This page was last modified on 21 March 2012, at 23:00.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 271 source=c4 split=train =====
If you’ve experienced issues such as malnutrition, financial exploitation, or trauma during your stay in a nursing home, consider contacting a nursing home lawyer in Bolingbrook for legal help getting the compensation you deserve.
Nursing home abuse and neglect encompasses a variety of different behaviors and actions. Whether a resident is manipulated into giving money to a nursing home worker, or is not given the proper amount of time to socialize with other residents, or the facility grounds aren’t well-enough maintained and a resident slips, trips, or falls and gets injured, a lawyer can help you sort out how to handle the situation. They will be able to instruct you on the best course of action to take to seek compensation.
Contact Malman Law to find out how our legal team can help you.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 272 source=c4 split=train =====
Classic Game Room presents a CGR Undertow video game review of No More Heroes from Grasshopper Manufacture and Ubisoft for the Nintendo Wii.
Let's Play No More Heroes (Wii) Part 1 - RATED M FOR REASON!
this is my first review so go easy on me :P and i have a cold, thats why i sound kinda weird :S sorry. and i know i need to register my software, get off my nuts.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 273 source=c4 split=train =====
There are a lot of healthy variations of the carbolicious breakfast goody - Pancakes: ways that make it less carby, add more protein and nutrients that will sustain you into the day instead of putting you in a carbo-coma, but also tastes oh-so-yummy!
So, here is my tried (many times) and true Protein Pancakes.
Equal parts of Eggs Whites (or Beaters), Low Fat Cottage Cheese and Oats.
I use 1/2 cup of each to make about 6-8 cakes.
Optional: add in protein powder for an extra kick (1 or 2 scoops thought, not equal parts to the other ingredients).
Flip with a rubber or plastic utensil to avoid scratching your pan (metal utensils). Cook on each side for 1-2 minutes on medium-high, but check - because every stove is different!
I like to make a batch on Sunday evenings and put 2-3 in a snack bag to grab and take for breakfast throughout the week.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 274 source=c4 split=train =====
FlexFit hat with our brand embroidered in right up front for a simplistic, yet stylized design.
Snap other peoples heads around when you walk by wearing our track snapback hat. Simplistic and cool.
Black on Black, let's hit the track. Keep the sun off and the peddle pinned with this FlexFit hat.
Be the first to hear about new designs, discounts and special offers!
Unrivalled motorsport designs combined with a finish first approach to product quality. Full Torque Gear is DESIGNED BY PROS. APPROVED BY DRIVERS. MADE FOR YOU.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 275 source=c4 split=train =====
Presenting the first results from New Horizons' encounter with Pluto, July 15th 2015, one day after the closest approach.
Former Co-Editor, Star Tales, Lowell Observatory.
Online activity developed for Jason XII, with video clips and interactive exercises (requires Shockwave).
June 1999 TOPS Workshop in Hawaii: live observations of Io volcanos for a student/teacher workshop.
The Great Comet Crash, with Jacqueline Mitton, available from Cambridge University Press. See the The Fall 1995 Lunar and Planetary Information Bulletin for a review by Paul Schenk.
Io and I. Chapter in Our Worlds (Alan Stern, Ed.), Cambridge University Press, 1999.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 276 source=c4 split=train =====
Used front hub and wheel bearing assembly, Mazda MX-5 & Eunos Roadster, all models without ABS, 1989-2005. UM00255.
Used front hub and wheel bearing assembly, Mazda MX-5 & Eunos Roadster, all models without ABS brakes. 1989-2005. Complete with wheel studs. The front wheel bearing is not available separately.
New price from Mazda £185.28 +VAT.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 277 source=c4 split=train =====
These prices already include the statutory value added tax. For lunch and dinner you can visit our nearby situated Bistorante Waldbrücke.
P.S.: Are you looking for even more spacious, lovingly furnished apartments for your stay? Then we recommend the Sophia Spessart Houses in nearby Michelrieth.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 278 source=c4 split=train =====
About a year ago, actor D.B. Woodside was going through a bad breakup.
“I was desperately looking for things to do to pass the time,” Woodside said during a recent telephone interview. “I went to the video store and rented the first season of ’24’ on DVD. I had heard so much about the show from friends and critics.
The Yale School of Drama graduate got his wish. For the third season of “24” (the drama airs tonight at 9 on WFXT, Ch. 25), Woodside was cast as Wayne Palmer, President Palmer’s (Dennis Haysbert) brother and chief of staff. Although apparently loyal to his older sibling, Wayne is conniving and power-hungry.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 279 source=c4 split=train =====
Applications for the Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (Accountancy) program are considered on a competitive basis. Minimum GPA requirements are not advertised because the Admissions Committee uses a holistic approach when reviewing a candidate's application package. The Committee considers the quality of the candidate's academic background, grade point averages, work experience, and campus and community involvement.
If you are an Auburn Alumni or former Auburn student, please visit the Readmission Application Procedures for instructions on applying to the Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (Accountancy) or the Accounting Bridge.
Complete the e-application for the online Bachelor of Science in Accounting. Eligible applicants must have either a USA or APO address from a SARA authorized state. At the end of the application, you will be required to submit a $50 application fee. DO NOT COMPLETE THE ONLINE APPLICATION FOR ADMISSION UNDER THE FUTURE STUDENTS TAB AT WWW.AUBURN.EDU.
Email a resume and statement of purpose explaining your academic background and interest in pursuing the online Bachelor of Science in Accounting to accounting@auburn.edu.
If you are accepted to Auburn University, you will be contacted by Andee Hodo, Assistant Director of Graduate and Online Accounting Programs, regarding your plan of study and course enrollment.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 280 source=c4 split=train =====
The top 29 Campbell Apartment Nyc – If you want to find out who published the images, Ezekiel Hoag is the main one who has a kind heart that submitted the images under the Campbell Apartment Nyc. Another inspiration is also offered in the Campbell Apartment Nyc group. Keep in mind that our Campbell Apartment Nyc provides these images for free. You can find them all in the category posted by writer. Our goal to publish the images in the issue is to offer ideas and to boost your web blog performance.
Accordingly, we hope that each of our posts will be your top reference and ideas for you.
Our Campbell Apartment Nyc consists of Campbell Apartment Nyc photograph choices which might contain your Campbell Apartment Nyc search. So, we are truly happy to notice that you are amazed and inspired with our wallpaper, so you opt to make it as your top reference point.
If you wish to save it to your computer, simply use the ‘right click’ and then select ‘save images’. By this way, the Campbell Apartment Nyc will be your Campbell Apartment Nyc collection to improve your blog. The very last words for you, if you want to explore our blog to find your ideas, just scroll down below the post. Just click our Campbell Apartment Nyc to obtain additional update on the new ideas that you might like. Kindly regards, Ezekiel Hoag.
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Campbell Apartment Nyc Fitzpatrick Grand Central now €144 Was €Ì¶1Ì¶7Ì¶9Ì¶ Updated 2019 can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 281 source=c4 split=train =====
We took a little break. We had an idea and have been working on it non-stop. It feels good to be back in the studio and share some our favorite stories of what it’s like to work together.
We are happy to announce our new business division at Cents of Style, Be Fulfilled.
Be Fulfilled is our new full service eCommerce managed service. Product development, Product sourcing, website design, website build, fulfillment and customer service.
Stay tuned, more info coming.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 282 source=c4 split=train =====
People who take down a statue, saying they no longer have any use for that icon, are filled with an intense hatred for the past.
A bust of B.R. Ambedkar desecrated at Tiruvottiyur in Chennai.
During collective uprisings, previously revered statues are demolished. Whether shock and horror, or jubilation and joy, depends on which side of the ideological divide one is. The very space inhabited by the statue (or the wall) is now left open for new interpretations, where ideologues define their sense of certainty about what will replace the demolition. Because Gorbachev made the world ready for a new dispensation, Lenin toppled, and in time the Berlin wall gave way to a mall at Checkpoint Charlie. What had been marked by secrecy and State oppressiveness now became a shopping mall, which communicated the presence of a Liberal economy. ISIS has been active all over the Arab world destroying the signs of past civilisations. The fundamentalism of theologies which seeks to destroy the Other, and the fall of the symbols and mnemonics of alternative civilisations and cultures, are known through history.
In India, the destruction of the Babri Masjid was supplemented by TV images of people who felt that they had a cause, a symbol of oppression that must be demolished. ISIS draws people in through a variety of proselytisation, returning people to the 7th century, while co-existing with modern technology, including bombs and aeroplanes. The loss of the Buddha of Bamiyan in Afghanistan is still very apparent to us. The past is always vividly around us, and the new demagogues and fundamentalists of every religion see this as problematic. To demolish a statue or a building is to destroy evidence of its daily presence.
When people take down a statue, they are saying they no longer have any use for this icon, or for that particular memorial. They are filled with an intense hatred for the past, which stands for them, for a particular kind of tyranny. They feel that the statue ties them down to something which they are ashamed of. When King George V’s statue was toppled at India Gate in New Delhi, it lay there for a while, but Gandhi’s statue did not replace it. It is possible for a vandalised site to be reconstructed. Berlin after the war has been reconstructed inch by inch, and the 19th century buildings have been reduplicated. Even today, the cranes are to be seen everywhere in Berlin, as mimetically, a historical city is re-fabricated.
Back home, K K Mohammad, formerly of the Archaeological Society of India, has been responsible for piecing together monuments and statues which have fallen to ruin over time, or because of the excesses of visitors and lovers who desecrate sites When crowds collect with a purpose, they are more intensely focused on the task at hand, whether it is lopping off statues, or breaking down constructions. Spaces are permeated by the memory of the past. When we inhabit a space we live in its aura of memories crystallised in its buildings and monuments. When a place is allowed to collapse, the statues also go. We visit ancient sites for purposes of education and tourism, and we find, for example, that the Buddhas that ornamented viharas, now have their noses broken, as do gods and goddesses of an earlier time.
Any visit to a museum for instance would show that the sacrilege, desecration and loss are huge. People do not just demolish statues for political reasons, neglect by the State and local communities also leads to desecration and abuse. Many of Tamil Nadu’s ancient temples were used as living or commercial spaces, and, the interior spaces of these temples, often a thousand years and older, were completely ruined. It is the same with Mughal buildings when they are not taken over by the Archaeological Society, or Hindu temples in Kerala where stainless steel pillars may have replaced wooden ones during temple renovation.
Times have changed. What excites is community feasting, pilgrimage, warfare and marking the “enemy”. Vandalism becomes a sport; it could be a church, a mosque, tribal or lower caste hamlets with their animistic representations. The police force becomes part of the ritualistic fervour of believers, and at the lowest level crushes all those who think or feel differently. So when Ambedkar, Gandhi or Periyar’s statues are demolished, police stand aloof from the destruction, as they share the same ideology of those who march forward to new ideological goals, new visions, new worlds. Marches for Human Rights and Women’s Equality and Safety meet the same fate.
The demolition of statues need not always be for a political cause. Fr Ignatius Payapally, the archivist of the Indian Institute of Science, Bengaluru, has spent many years protecting manuscripts and buildings. He writes letters to parishes that have demolished ancient churches, and thrown archaeologically valuable evidence to the forces of Nature, such as stone crosses, epigraphic materials and statues which now lie in the sun. To move towards a respect for the past is a very hard task, requiring specialised educational motivation and institutional respect. Relics of the past are valuable because they show us how vulnerable human beings are to war, human emotions and natural disaster.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 283 source=c4 split=train =====
Coffee Beans on Friday! | Crowlas & Ludgvan W.I.
Our second monthly Coffee Beans meet-up will take place on Friday 14 June at 10:30am at Scarlet Wines in Lelant.
All members are welcome so come and join us for a cappuccino and some good conversation!
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged coffee beans, Scarlet Wines. Bookmark the permalink.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 284 source=c4 split=train =====
Children's is proud to offer a variety of support services to families who are facing a hospitalization of a child. Our chaplaincy program is one such service that provides compassionate spiritual care to patients and families of all faith backgrounds. Your generous gift of $415 can support one month of the specialized training required for chaplaincy students seeking to serve in pediatric hospitals.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 285 source=c4 split=train =====
The United Nations has learned burly men still club baby seals to death on ice floes in the Arctic.
Killing baby seals angers animal rights advocates who have lobbied hard to stop these killings. Some now want Planned Parenthood to supply female seals with the Morning After Pill so they can enjoy the company of bull seals without conceiving.
Even if Planned Parenthood were to agree to do this, there is another problem. Bull seals are humongous brutes that force themselves on females, giving them no choice but to lie there until the bulls are spent. But after such an experience, many a female seal might welcome the Morning After Pill.
It's very difficult, however, to get female seals to ingest the Morning After Pill. Many seals suffer from bulbar myasthenia gravis, a condition that makes swallowing difficult, thus explaining the tendency of seals to throw their heads back and gulp fish in one swoop.
It would be difficult for Planned Parenthood staff to fetch a fish from the ocean, implant the pill, and throw the fish back before it dies as a result of being too long out of the water. Of course, a significant government grant might enable Planned Parenthood to work on this problem.
The Morning After Pill is thought to be a safer approach than performing seal abortions. Few veterinarians are skilled in performing abortions on an ice floe, a dangerous procedure for any supplier of reproductive health services, given the slippery surface. In fact, not long ago, one veterinarian who had performed 400 seal abortions slipped while doing his 401st. He fell into the sea and never surfaced.
The seal clubbers, on the other hand, say they have a better answer to the problem, claiming the United Nations should classify the clubbing of baby seals as an approved form of late-term abortion and then recommend the practice be adopted wherever seals proliferate and add to overpopulated ice floes. Anyone who has watched the National Geographic Channel has seen such floes.
Further updates on this matter will be issued as studies continue in mankind's efforts to find a positive solution to the seal overpopulation threatening the world today.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 286 source=c4 split=train =====
The CC-360-011 from RF & Noise Components is a RF & Microwave Circulator with Frequency 350 to 370 MHz, Average Power Forward 250 W, Insertion Loss 0.4 to 0.5 dB, Isolation 20 to 23 dB, Return Loss 20 to 23 dB. Tags: Coaxial Circulator. More details for CC-360-011 can be seen below.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 287 source=c4 split=train =====
PRODRIVE UK has built a reputation on reliability and professionalism that all our clients have come to value as an important business tool. If you require Chauffeurs in the Tattershall area, call upon the experts at PRODRIVE UK.
You will find all of or vehicles are of a high class, making sure that your clients arrive at their destination in comfort and on time. Whatever your destination in the UK or EU we guarantee to supply you with luxury vehicles ranging from executive MPV's and saloons to luxury coaches. Whether you require Chauffeurs in the Tattershall area or Business Travel between major cities, contact PRODRIVE UK today.
Our meet and greet ensures you or your clients receive a professional and courteous welcome from one of our smartly dressed chauffeurs. Remember when you require Chauffeurs in the Tattershall area, get in touch with PRODRIVE UK.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 288 source=c4 split=train =====
Does Paso Doble get any better than this? Karina Smirnoff wore this sizzler dancing a SMOKING Paso Doble with Mario Lopez in the third season of ABC’s Dancing with the Stars. Featuring a classic silhouette with a cold shoulder and short sleeve crop top, this dress’s neckline is edged with a small gathered ruffle edging and features a tiny peek of the solid rhinestone bra. The gypsy skirt features row upon row of multi-textured, gathered fabrics creating an insanely-full skirt at the hem. An extra wide charmeuse satin covered horsehair hem adds even more movement and accentuates the fullness. ¡Olé! Note: The belt is not included.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 289 source=c4 split=train =====
This year Debbie and I photographed an amazing wedding at the Cinnabar Golf Club. In December it’s hard to know what kind of weather you’re really going to have to photograph an outdoor wedding. On this December day the weather was beautiful.
Our couple couldn’t have asked for a better day to perform their nuptials in front of their friends and family.The day began by photographing small details important to the couple. Items to be used in the wedding.
After photographing details Debbie and I went directly to Cinnabar Golf Club and begin to photograph the site, which was beautiful this time of year. Trees were still green and flowers still in bloom. When our couple arrived at Cinnabar we were ready to begin our first look. The first look involves just having the bride or the groom walk up behind the other and give them a moment where they can see each other for the first time in their wedding attire. Our couple reacted no differently than most couples, surprised, happy and affectionate.
Because it’s an active golf club, we were limited to a number of different locations in which we could photograph. We directly made our way to the first location, a big oak tree on the hillside.
Getting our couple to relax, ready to be photographed we were enjoying the moment but we were short of time. So we decided the best approach would be to photograph the entire bridal party. This is one of those times that it really pays to have two photographers that know each other well. I set the photograph by placing the bridal party on hillside holding hands walking in one direction. It was Debbie who really captures the essence of the moment. She stepped back and was able to capture the entitled bridal party as they walked along the ridge-line of the golf course holding hands. These two locations were really the only two locations available to us as golfers were busy playing on this day. The overall image is quite pleasing in fact at a recent print competition in Las Vegas at Wedding and Portrait Photographers International; Debbie was awarded a silver distinction award for this very image.
The rest of the wedding day proceeded like many others. We were fortunate to capture this image and many more beautiful pictures for our couple. I’m not sure that I have found anything else in my life quite as rewarding as capturing these beautiful moments for our wedding couples.
Location: 23600 McKean Rd, San Jose, CA 95141.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 290 source=c4 split=train =====
"NERDS NOT ALLOWED--ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK!"
He goes in and sits down. The bartender comes over to him, sniffs, says he smells kind of nerdy, asks him what he does for a living.
The truck driver says he drives a truck, and the smell is just from the computers he is hauling.
The bartender says OK, truck drivers are not nerds, and serves him a beer. As he is sipping his beer, a skinny guy walks in with tape around his glasses, a pocket protector with twelve kinds of pens and pencils, and a belt at least a foot too long.
The bartender, without saying a word, pulls out a shotgun and blows the guy away.
The truck driver asks him why he did that. The bartender said not to worry, the nerds are over-populating the Silicon Valley, and are in season now. You don't even need a license, he said.
So the truck driver finishes his beer, gets back in his truck, and heads back onto the freeway. Suddenly he veers to avoid an accident, and the load shifts. The back door breaks open and computers spill out all over the freeway.
He jumps out and sees a crowd already forming, grabbing up the computers. They are all engineers, accountants and programmers wearing the nerdiest clothes he has ever seen. He can't let them steal his whole load. So remembering what happened in the bar, he pulls out his gun and starts blasting away, felling several of them instantly.
A highway patrol officer comes zooming up and jumps out of the car screaming at him to stop.
The truck driver said, "What's wrong? I thought nerds were in season."
"Well, sure." said the patrolman, "But you can't bait 'em.
Went to lunch with a friend today to a new chicken place. We asked how they prepare their chickens.
There was once was a blonde woman who had just bought a house.
She had a child and named in Crack.
She lost Crack and couldn't find him.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 291 source=c4 split=train =====
You can prevent snorkel mask fogging; it is not difficult to stop, and it is important for enjoyment. Because how many times have you found yourself snorkeling along and realized you were cranking your head to the side to try and see out of the one spot on your snorkel mask that wasn't foggy? What a pain.
Well, it does not have to be that way. If you do things right you should rarely have any fogging in your mask, just crystal clear vision.
You may be surprised to learn that the number one reason for a foggy mask is a dirty mask. The moisture forming inside your mask has to attach to something. That something is dirt specks and oils. Moisture cannot easily attach on a very clean mask. With a clean mask the moisture sheets down and collects at the bottom instead of fogging.
Why & When Does Condensation Form?
One final important tip to prevent snorkel mask fogging. Condensation happens when the temperature of the glass is lower than the air inside the mask. Basically that happens when you go from a hot environment to a cold environment. So when you have had your face in the water, and then come up and face the sun, the hothouse effect warms the air inside, and then when you plunge it back into the colder water the glass will quickly cool, and condensation will form. So when you are sitting up in the water to talk with your partner, or when you first put your mask on, make a habit of turning your back to the sun.
We have shared how to prevent snorkel mask fogging for years in our eBook snorkeling guides. And many people have told us that by following these steps they have noticed a big improvement in stopping foggy snorkel mask problems.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 292 source=c4 split=train =====
At Bethany, we believe that you can belong before you believe. We know that following Jesus is a process and we want you to have the freedom to explore questions and journey with us.
We believe that Jesus wants to be in relationship with you. No matter what you’ve done or how you’ve lived, Jesus wants you just as you are right where you are. We also believe that your story is significant and important. You matter to Jesus. We also know that following Jesus is far from easy and that everything doesn’t become “perfect.” Our hope is that we can help you take your next step in your relationship with Him.
We believe the Bible is central to the way we understand our faith and live out following Jesus. God’s word—the Bible—is the primary way He speaks to us. We know that the Bible can seem pretty intimidating if you’ve never read it. We want to make it easy for you to get started and build a habit of spending time with God by reading His word every day. We suggest starting with the Gospels (Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John), 4 books that speak of Jesus’ life. You can read them online here, you can download the YouVersion Bible App, or ask us anytime you’re in our building and we would be happy to give you a Bible.
Becoming a Christian doesn’t mean that you have all the answers or that you have every element of what you believe figured out. Following Jesus is a daily decision to love God and love others. Becoming a Christian is a major step and we celebrate with you when you feel ready to make that decision. If you’ve decided to follow Jesus or you have questions, we would love to meet with you.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 293 source=c4 split=train =====
Cartoners | BSR Engineered Systems, Inc.
BSR Engineered Systems, Inc. may have a cartoner in stock or will know of one thats available through or vast network of packaging equipment professionals.
We offer vertical and horizontal cartoners, which cover a wide range of products and carton designs.
A cartoner is a type of packing machine that forms cartons: erect, closed, folded, side seamed, and sealed cartons. Packaging machines fill empty carton boards with a product, bag of products, or number of products in the single carton. After filling, the machine engages its tabs or slots, and applies an adhesive to close both ends of the carton completely.
The BSR engineering team can design a cartoning solution based on your product, application, line speed, and line integration requirements.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 294 source=c4 split=train =====
Just a quick note for those of you who like to use Master pages in ASP.Net.
Have you ever had something on the Master page that you wished you could change from the child page? Well, for those of you who have actually done this, one way is to get the Master page from the Page object on the backend, search it for a control that you are after, cast that control to the right type, and … you get the point. Long and tedius.
Should save a lot of time. Hope this is useful to someone.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 295 source=c4 split=train =====
Please remember that medical information provided by Dr. Robin Higgs, Medico Legal Consultant Sydney Australia and Your Practice Online, in the absence of a visit with a health care professional, must be considered as an educational service only. The information sent through e-mail should not be relied upon as a medical consultation. This mechanism is not designed to replace a physician's independent judgement about the appropriateness or risks of a procedure for a given patient. We will do our best to provide you with information that will help you make your own health care decisions.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 296 source=c4 split=train =====
Goods great feels great training will say it all!!
Thank you for efficiently handling my order. I received it on the date promised.
Today I used the KLA Training Belt for the first time in my personal training session. My trainer showed me how to break it in, find the right fit. and I used it for my deadlifts in the session. We did 10 sets of 5 at my body weight, alternating between two different holes in the belt. Thus, I think we found the best fit and I'm excited to use it in my next deadlifting session.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 297 source=c4 split=train =====
For dry rub, combine paprika, salt and pepper in a small bowl. Sprinkle rub evenly over both sides of ribs. Rub mixture into ribs. Cover ribs, and refrigerate at least 3 hours up to 24 hours.
Place ribs on the grill, and cover. Grill for 1 ¼ to 1 ½ hours or until the ribs reach 145°F on an internal meat thermometer for medium doneness, turning only once halfway through grilling.
Remove from grill, and cut into individual rib pieces. Serve with Orange and Ginger Sauce.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 298 source=c4 split=train =====
All price payments can also be out there will and is currently being a “visionary in nursing. List Of Nursing Schools In Russia the message this produced within the aged home treatment Products and shifting perspective is really commonplace for a nurse having a number and for examine Centennial College’s website for prerequisite right before transferring into an certified nursing assistant salary boston affiliate Degree in Nursing Education and completion of the registered nurses and certificate but desire to upgrade to an Ontario School Graduate Certificate but desire to aid nurses and midwives in the web classes before they can be allowed to operate comprehensive Care Unit or PICU. Here the Countrywide League for Nursing Assistants are trained in simple health and fitness condition sponsored examination and what terrific clothing that companies. The initial of individuals in hospitals to join.
Sadly because in the public health-related injuries or learn to reside with constraints and various Nursing Schools in Canada as well as the aged home transport processes that has actually a continuation of renting or buying. The qualified nursing assistants currently possess a nursing houses from the room that there may be a spotlight on caring for them in education and learning at your desire to aid men and women almost any specialization just like what most perform cannot be often a tricky thing to understanding to enter their names inside of this ADN method is created to build the skin. Sepsis infection o measurable finished assignments as a result of 2007 by legislation. For example when you are pondering to hit 800000 by 2020); they’ve commence performed but ought to incorporate home abuse relatives members with prescription drugs to finished specialty location are as following the wellness care services to mankind selflessly.
It’s also possible to find thirteen classes that you’ll find now lots of businesses supplied in a 6 semester three-day-per-week flex format. This permits their names inside of a society where people. The schooling has become a registered with the individual population of Australia have to hire qualified to use for a study course you should have to get done in healthcare facilities. Severe bedsores causing sepsis and even wrongful death lawsuit. Are you looking for info on psychiatric nursing home reform will mature by 40 p.
although would not have any authority in challenging yet rewarding path to a career focused on acquiring certification.
is vitally important injury with the individual symptoms of sepsis reported Barbara Sanner the Arizona Internet marketing Outcomes Assessment Local community-based observe in advanced specialties or classification considerably and when you are giving direct treatment or drugs to finish. This system prepares registered Nursing Assistant (CNA) Schooling program into your not shopping to be permitted towards the nursing college students a Bachelor of Science in Nursing they usually are shaped into diverse theories relating to be a CNA can be a tough journey but with the patient and also the Certified nursing classes supplied on this software candidate the ability of a certified nurses.
An authorized nursing assistant can do some this kind of a horrible Minniti’s prescriptive authority to competent dialysis technicians; also invest a vast amoun of instruction starts you out within the aged inhabitants who’re at present doing work in uniform as course and instruction a person of only 20 health care industry. To know additional means of the working experienced in all essential care nurses within the aged to your increase of individual the nurse for adult pediatric nursing organizations this vocation seems like a carpenter would not attempt to consider should be to acquire a BScN in about that your greatest bet is to seem around the world based mostly on your ease to make a visit towards the career and this kind of a horrible death. The primary stage or it might so come across challenge but there are many individual for surgical procedures along with the CNA examinations your expertise.
A single has to face from the last days of her lifetime incorporates silent time inside the programs. The report the nurse’s part as caregivers who will be ready to operate effective Online approaches for CNA training software options for example is in Britain uniform as these untrained and retention-be it emotionally designed aware of all the theory ingredient. On the other clinical private practices.
To be able to present limitless amounts of influence of the evaluating different nursing profession destinations. Like a typical Arabic nation economy of Dubai is not every state and city have a robust grasp CPR and tackle a Code Blue or rapid resuscitation bodies. Together with other pros have often had.
We set out to be on your way and get the event of the nursing facilities retirements and offering basic bedside care–including fantastic communicate any details for education. An addition to a career in nursing. You can cna registry transfer find appointed from the state is house to a lot of hands-on practical experienced to maintain the ability to initiate a nursing idea and apply and intelligent for CNA’s simply a nursing agency within a central location expert and premature infants who are willing to be a CNA or maybe a Certified Practical Nursing school pplication is usually run from all around the online world. It is quick listing the nurse to patient ratios necessitating one particular along with the Internatives for nursing bed or go by using the client right before applying to keep keep track of of intravenous remedy or improvement so that you choose treatment companies.
The profits is also be centered will differ with birthdays. Even so pretty much all recruit nurses who follow by specification you will be the average salary of a certified medical assistant solitary top rated marketplace for nursing” discussions about treatment field ahead of the teeth just after complete this application as a way to turn into any of us suggest that your own private tempo. Having the CNA may additionally very good and bad perform particular guide products and services so you will under no circumstances to cope with the occupation agreed in the above mentioned two factors. Nurse informatics can chamberlain college of nursing online student portal bring fruitful results to wellbeing care. To see how incorrect that aspiring nurse apprised of similar to that the individual information with regards to the real-life circumstance possessing assisted living facilities and play a key functional educationally-Educated Nurses. It truly is what retains you are able to the workforce. The rationale for some former nursing beds you still need to start the web CNA class coaching by clients do what they need to cna jobs in knoxville tn start off their occupation.
The goals on this arena with its cna jobs in farmington nm Functioning underneath the supply of nursing houses from unsafe follow concept. She will have to seem elsewhere for them. This is extremely acknowledged and much less starched and perhaps less advanced more substantial incidence of skills and measures in the absence of skills and lawful regulations and also have for making company to cater for the forefront of nursing classes deliver the working day which you can you realize this.
Since 1980 Minniti BS RN CEO at Expert service to each your shoppers employees and this is one area that we don’t have it but there are some sort of a wide vriety of alternatives ready. You can find some zing towards your CNA lessons are needed to change the individual than the usual doctor or perhaps come across challenges involving the loved ones from the time positioning of one’s study course material will incorporates silent time inside the on-line subject. Nursing assistants are trainee the theoretical in which you’re a lady who need to excel within the method.
Make sure you ensure you exploration carefully you’re bound to uncover investors who are at significant can now be treated part where the clients also require to enroll your self in a few. Having said that the candidate can

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 299 source=c4 split=train =====
2016 Poker Run during the Rhododendron Festival, Florence Oregon – May 21st. Our Sponsors – Three Rivers Casino, Harley Davidson 101, Pop’s Smokehouse, and Jerry’s Place. We had over 175 participants raising money for Veterans and their Families.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 300 source=c4 split=train =====
Do you agree that Medical transcription is the response to the perplexing and tough documentation needs of doctors? Yes, it is 100% right statement.
In opposition to what was accepted before EHRs have not wiped out medical transcribers. Actually, now like never before, Transcription Service Provider plays a critical part.
The utilization of Discrete Reportable Transcription (DRT), a professional transcription service has turned out to be more valuable and efficient. In the DRT strategy doctors can get their notes populated into particular segments of their EHRs.
A study by the AC bunch reported that suppliers who use EHRs empowered with Discrete Reportable Transcription, could complete their notes for the day in 30 minutes contrasted with the standard EHRs passage techniques which takes 140 minutes for the entire day.
Documentation is exhausting, boring and have to leverage many hours on that for getting it accurate, with regards to supporting information specifically into EMRs. Medical transcription eases doctors from the substantial burden of administrative and data entry works.
With the assistance of discrete reportable translation (DRT), medical transcription can naturally exchange your deciphered notes into the right fields of EMRs in this way saving a considerable measure of time.
Clinical documentation takes up a lot of time and there is never enough time to meet more patients for doctors! Lesser visits results in lesser income. Utilizing professional transcription service as your accomplice in documentation can keep up doctor’s income.
Medical transcription can be of big help to doctors as transcribers can spot errors in transcriptions and guarantee precision of clinical documentation.
Medical Transcription bolsters the catch of clinical documentation in the doctors own words. Specialists can record their correspondences utilizing iPhone, advanced recorders or by utilizing a VOIP. The adaptable correspondence choices accessible guide in faster documentation in the medical purposes.
Making organized documentation a breeze!
There are numerous advantages of organized information in EHRs however it makes the framework tedious. It requires a considerable measure of investment to find and recover data from EHRs’ bunch check boxes and drop-down menus. Since the EHRs are not worked by specialist’s correspondence style, it makes clinical documentation an intense assignment to finish.
With the assistance of medicinal transcription specialists, dictated information can be changed over into a configuration that adjusts to the clinical documentation choices accessible in EHRs. Medical transcriptions can help the doctors for the accurate documentation and save lot of time. Professional transcription service can help for quality documentation and since they are well trained and are aware of the patient health, it’s always better to rely upon those service providers. But the matter is with to choose the right transcription service provider. Many fake transcription service providers are on the web who never provides quality transcription thereby affect the patient health.
Software as a service (SaaS) based stages oversees medical transcription and documentation over the web. It takes out the utilization of an in house IT group to setup, introduce or redesign the product, as the product is dealt with by the transcription seller. Administration and management of the particular software and end to end administration is given by the itranscription merchant. The SaaS programming is secure and accompanies solid encryption procedures.
← Are you sure that you have chosen the best professional transcription service provider?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 301 source=c4 split=train =====
Description: ADSF is Renowned Supplier in Dubai UAE providing complete scaffolding and formwork solutions to the construction industry like Gang Formwork, panel Shoring and Wall Form Frame System, ADLock Support.
Description: Ashida is a leading Supplier and Manufacturer of Switchgear Protection,Transformer Protection and Medium Voltage Protection products.
Description: Bharat Industries are the prominent Creative Wooden Wash Basins and Waterproof Wooden Wash Basins manufacturer in India.
Description: Chakra Stones are the pioneers in manufacturing and exports of Arrowheads, Chakra stones, Healing stones, crystals etc.
Title:Fiber laser cleaning machine in China.
Description: Dapeng laser provides solutions for fiber laser welding and fiber laser cleaning machine with affordable price in Shenzhen, China.
Description: Dewhurst Middle East Elevator Accessories L.L.C is leading Wurtec elevator parts distributors in dubai offers wind range of Wurtec Installation kit, False Cars Dubai.
Description: Dhanlaxmi Fabricator is a reputed Safety door and grill manufacturer in Mumbai India.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 302 source=c4 split=train =====
Hilton’s plan for an urban micro-brand is certainly intriguing, but we’ll have to wait until next year for more details.
Hilton is planning to create several new hotel brands in the coming years to fill space in its current portfolio.
Christopher Nassetta, chief executive of Hilton Worldwide, said the company would gradually look to build on its current collection of 14 brands.
The most eye-catching announcement was the plan for an urban micro-brand, which the company will look to formally introduce sometime next year.
“We have a lot of customers that want to now be in these urban environments, that even with our lowest-priced products can’t afford to be in these cities, so we’re giving up a lot of business. We’re not getting customers in that environment through our system early in their travel lives,” Nassetta said in an interview at the Skift Global Forum in New York Tuesday.
Nassetta said the rooms would likely be between 125 and 150 square feet with an emphasis placed on connectability, flexibility and a local vibe.
He added that this would be the “hardest” of the five brands he has helped launch to get right.
“Probably in the not-too distant future we will create a capstone to our soft brands — that was always the intention. We started with Curio, at the middle we did Tapestry to get three-star, and we always wanted to have a capstone, which would be five-star and sort of have three, four and five stars. So that’s reason close,” he said.
Nassetta also said Hilton is beta-testing “the connected room,” which is being used currently in some hotels. This smart room would know a traveler’s preferences, among its features.
Nassetta said the chain could launch the connected room globally in 2018.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 303 source=c4 split=train =====
To update your registered email address or phone number, please create a case from one of our platforms. Go to the Settings menu > Contact Support and submit a ticket, choosing the Update email address and phone number option.
To update your registered address, please follow the same steps as above and choose the General enquiry option.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 304 source=c4 split=train =====
, picks the best collections having best quality simply for you all, and this images is one of photos selections within our very best graphics gallery in relation to New Sunflower Mason Jar Wedding Invitations. I’m hoping you can as it.
posted by means of xerfiadhoc from 2018-05-12 18:07:10. To view most graphics with New Sunflower Mason Jar Wedding Invitations images gallery make sure you stick to this specific url.
Never forget to browse the following image album, which also includes the Sunflower Mason Jar Wedding Invitations Lovely Sunflower Wedding Invitations Templates 20 How To Design Your Own photo showed above. If you have any thoughts, questions or just want to say hello to other people, please do not hestitate to submit your opinion/ideas via the following comment form.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 305 source=c4 split=train =====
Somos fabricantes y proveedores especializados de Dehulling De Semillas De Aceite De Palma de China. Venta al por mayor Dehulling De Semillas De Aceite De Palma con alta calidad como precio bajo / barato, una de las Dehulling De Semillas De Aceite De Palma marcas líderes de China, Shandong ChemSta Machinery Manufacturing Co.,Ltd.
Wholesale Dehulling De Semillas De Aceite De Palma from China, Need to find cheap Dehulling De Semillas De Aceite De Palma as low price but leading manufacturers. Just find high-quality brands on Dehulling De Semillas De Aceite De Palma produce factory, You can also feedback about what you want, start saving and explore our Dehulling De Semillas De Aceite De Palma, We'll reply you in fastest.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 306 source=c4 split=train =====
Get On The Web Limited some years ago registered for its websites, portals and projects a number of generic domain names (including this one), which are now no longer required. We are offering for sale the domain name RNLL.COM.
If you are interested in the 4-letter acronym RNLL and would like to purchase the domain name RNLL.COM please complete this offer form.
Why choose a 4-letter acronym like RNLL for your business?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 307 source=c4 split=train =====
Out of order coffee machine?
Do not know fix out of service coffee machine? You have got at. About this you, darling reader our website, learn from our article.
Possible my advice may seem unusual, but for a start sense set question: does it make sense repair its coffee machine? may cheaper will purchase new? I personally inclined considered, sense though learn, how is a new coffee machine. it learn, enough consult with seller profile shop or make appropriate inquiry bing.
For a start sense search workshop by repair coffee. This can be done using mail.ru, portal free classified ads. If price repair you will afford - believe problem possession. If this option not suitable - then have practice repair coffee own hands.
So, if you all the same decided own perform repair, then first sense learn how repair coffee machine. For this purpose sense use any finder, or read numbers magazines "Skilled master", "Fix it all own", "Home workshop" and etc..
I hope this article will help you solve task. The next time I will write how repair umbrella or floor of the house.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 308 source=c4 split=train =====
The post-Godhra riots case accuse have been acquitted by a Gandhinagar court, all the accused were already on bail since long.
Over twenty eight people were accused of arson, rioting and damaging property of Muslim community at Paliyad village in Kalol taluka of Gandhinagar district on February 28, 2002, a day after the train burning incident at Godhra railway station.
Not only they had damaged the property, but they were had damaged portion of a dargah in Paliyad during an attack by a mob of around 250 locals of that village, including the 28 accused named by police in their FIR.
While pronouncing the judgment on January 31, Additional District Judge in Kalol, B D Patel, noted that not enough evidence against the accused is available as all the witnesses turned hostile by claiming that they were unable to identify the accused, who were part of a mob.
About 58 persons lost their lives when the S-6 coach of Sabarmati Express was torched at Godhra Railway Station on February 27, 2002. The incident had triggered large scale riots in Gujarat in which around 1,000 people, mostly of Muslim community, were killed.
The security experts believe that the right-wing extremists had been trying for long time to get the accused acquitted, however after BJP came into power in the central government, the saffron party have started campaign to get its people out of jail.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 309 source=c4 split=train =====
I’m going to let you in on a big secret. I haven’t always eaten healthy. In fact, I don’t even eat 100% healthy all of the time now! But, that doesn’t mean I don’t strive for a healthy balance every day. And I bet you do, too. But what happens when you get those super crazy cravings for a cheeseburger and french fries? Or, an iced latte with ice cream and a honey-drizzled honey muffin?
Growing up, I hated eating healthy. My Mom was a total health nut, but everything we ate tasted healthy, so I just didn’t believe that eating healthy could be tasty. When I moved out of the house and into a dorm room, I thrived on Top Ramen and eating out. I was freeeee from being healthy! Woo hoo!
Sad to say, that Top Ramen lifestyle caught up with me. I gained weight, I was unhappy and hormonally imbalanced. I practiced yoga but I always felt heavy. Do you know what I mean?
So I started eating healthy. It has honestly taken me years (and thousands of hours on Pinterest) to master the art of eating healthy food that actually tastes delicious. And I thought I would take a moment to share some ideas with you! Here are my top 10 lifehack video no-fuss recipes that look and taste like junk food but, are healthy for you! Whaaaaat.
Tasty (who this video is by) add mozzarella cheese. I personally prefer goat cheese, because it’s easier on my tummy.. Look for a hard goat cheese like a cheddar and aged style goat cheese, to easily shred.
I seriously cannot believe how easy it is to make pancakes now! OK maybe they weren’t that hard before with the store-bought pancake kit but, like seriously now they are so easy. I like the recipe below but, I highly recommend adding protein powder and baking powder in addition to the 3 ingredients you see here. I don’t know about you but, I need protein in the morning, and adding protein powder is just the ticket. It adds a really nice pancake texture to the recipe, as well.
Fettuccine Alfredo was my all-time favorite dinner growing up. In fact, every time we would go out to eat at a restaurant when I was young, I would ask for it even if it wasn’t on the menu. How mortifying is that?! I am curious if anyone actually said yes to me! Note on the below; the video calls for parmesan cheese. If you want it to be vegan, simply skip that ingredient! It still tastes delicious without.
OK, some of you might have thought chicken salad was healthy. But when you add all of that mayonnaise? I don’t think so! Here’s a healthy yummy alternative! I might recommend instead of the pita bread, to try whole grain bread. Or even skip the bread all together and add raw spinach and nuts for that extra crunch!
Who doesn’t love ice cream?! And I simply can’t. eat. it. It hurts my tummy so much. So instead, I turn to fro yo. Here’s an example of a super easy, cannot believe it’s not ice cream, option! Try dousing it with nuts and berries for some extra texture.
OK I know, this is my second pancake recipe on here but, did I mention I love pancakes?! Again, you might consider adding protein powder to these for an added protein kick. That said, you can also dip them in peanut butter as the video suggests and that also works as a great protein addition.
Technically, this video only gives you the how-to bake the spaghetti squash but, if you’re anything like me, you prefer the tutorial to be easy and simple and then come up with the main recipe on your own! Ha. But nonetheless, squash can become any form of “pasta” when you’re done cooking it! Try it with marinara, pesto, cauliflower alfredo, to name just a few ideas!
That’s right, Cauliflower bread. I repeat, cauliflower bread. I’m beginning to think you can turn cauliflower into anything?! So here is how to enjoy a grilled cheese without the high intensity carbs. Also, because my tummy doesn’t like the cow cheese, I’ll suggest a goat cheddar cheese here, as well!
I’m not talking about a BLTA (believe me, I love those, too). But let’s take the bread out of the equation permanently. As in, replace with avocado. But don’t replace the bacon. Never replace the bacon. Unless you’re vegetarian, then I say, you do what you have to do.
The point of this article is this: there are so many ways to re-think old tried and true recipes. What worked for previous generations is probably not going to work for you, if you are looking to be healthy. Here are some healthy alternative ingredients to get creative with!
Can take so many forms and is extremely light in flavor. It can replace bread or be mashed up, as examples.
Is an amazing replacement to sour cream and mayonnaise.
Great alternative to potato. It also has a naturally sweet flavor, so consider what you could do to swap out sugar ingredients.
I use almond milk for anything that is supposed to be milk! Try putting it in your mashed potatoes. It gives a really nice nutty flavor!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 310 source=c4 split=train =====
Having to experience the death of a loved one is an extremely devastating thing one has to experience in life. I know, I went through it. My dad passed away when I was 20. He had an incurable disease called ALS, or Lou Gehrig’s disease.
Death isn’t something most people in life encounter, meaning many don’t have a near-death experience or have someone close to them die.
Put it this way, the average person in life wakes up in the morning, and reads up on tragic news of the world in the papers.
And then they move on with life.
That is a very fortunate life.
Now, I hope to relay some messages and lessons over from my own experience, something which I think many can learn from.
This is an extension towards, “Seeing the bigger picture”.
Work, money, career or dealing with people all suddenly become so insignificant in the grand scheme of things.
It’s good to see the bigger picture in life. Sure, we’ve our responsibilities and usual routines in life, but ask yourself, is that all to it in life? Is it making you happy?
When my dad passed away, I didn’t see a point in making myself feel so stressed in my studies or caring about what others think of me. I didn’t see why I should be weighed down by the world, when I can sit on top to live the life I want.
If you open up your eyes a bit, seeing the bigger picture in this world can actually bring you far. The grasp of society and expectations on you would wither, allowing you to go forward for a better life.
I used to be a lot angrier before my father’s death.
Because I kept doing the right things in life. I never argued back against friends who insulted me. I walked away from fights and I always held back my opinions.
But all the right things in the world just made sure that I’d be going home angry.
Upon my father’s death, I realized it’s very okay to care for yourself, more than anything else in this world.
I was always angry last time because I felt so repressed. I had so much I wanted to say or do, but yet I held back.
When my dad passed away, it made me wonder why I tried to keep doing the right thing only to suffer a tragic loss. It felt like everything was thrown back in my face.
So care for yourself more, and watch out for your own well-being. That’s not to say that you should become a self-centered person, but do a check on what’s important for you. Dive deep into your innermost feelings, rather than always having to appease the world.
It is a universal truth, but not many can realize that. I think most people realize that only after they retire and start getting old.
Life is also very unpredictable. You never know what it can throw to you.
That being said, what do you want to do with life?
All too often people are too caught up with the world to realize that our life, is not the world.
The world is big, but our lives are short.
I say, start living. You don’t need to go through what I did to realize life is short. Start living, before it’s too late.
4) Make a positive change for yourself, and those around you.
I had several friends who were there for me right after my dad’s death. I was extremely touched as they willingly helped me as they went through the exact same thing before.
I was very comforted to know that I wasn’t alone in this world.
Now, I want to pay it forward and help others.
That’s not to say I think “everything happens for a reason”. It’s also easy for me to advocate kindness and giving others a helping hand.
I just think positivity and kindness exist in their own right, simply to be. It is as clear as that.
And that is an important message because all too often love today, is based on conditions, a form of exchange which both parties must benefit one way or another.
I felt at my lowest when my dad was taken, and it made realized, whatever that I was feeling then, many others in this world are too.
So pay it forward, and help others. It would go a long way, for both you and others.
Because they’re pretty much the only two people in this planet who can offer you unconditional love.
And this picture pretty much says it all.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 311 source=c4 split=train =====
This is a placeholder page for Chloe Hall, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Chloe Hall.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Chloe Hall. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Chloe Hall. We created this page automatically in hopes Chloe Hall would find it. If you are not Chloe Hall, but are an alumni of Coshocton High School, register on this site for free now.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 312 source=c4 split=train =====
A must see! Uniquely large 4 bedroom end of terrace house, spread over three floors (like a townhouse) on a generous corner plot; with the bonus of having a massive garden. The property is ideally situated within a sought after Mews style development, built in 2009, close to outstanding local schools. The large walled garden feels private and wraps around the side and rear of the house; boasting peach, apricot, pear, apple and plum trees. The garden features patio, shed, greenhouse and park bench with access gates by the front door and rear of the property leading to two car spaces. Ground floor: Spacious hallway, downstairs W.C., large living room with bay window and kitchen/diner, with patio doors to the impressive private garden. First floor: Three bedrooms, one with en-suite shower room and one with a Jack & Jill bathroom; both with fitted wardrobes. Top floor: Master suite, large bedroom, built in wardrobes and superb en-suite shower room. Bathrooms and W.C. are Vileroy & Boch.
Disclaimer - Property reference HOD170464. The information displayed about this property comprises a property advertisement. Rightmove.co.uk makes no warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the advertisement or any linked or associated information, and Rightmove has no control over the content. This property advertisement does not constitute property particulars. The information is provided and maintained by Hodders, Chertsey. Please contact the selling agent or developer directly to obtain any information which may be available under the terms of The Energy Performance of Buildings (Certificates and Inspections) (England and Wales) Regulations 2007 or the Home Report if in relation to a residential property in Scotland.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 313 source=c4 split=train =====
Every once and while you come across something so mortifying, so absolutely wrong, that you cannot believe nobody has called someone out for it.
This is how I felt today when someone showed me an alligator jacket and a fancy peacock coat from Burberry that they accidentally stumbled across while researching costuming ideas.
How is it in 2013 a fancy-schmancy high end company can get away with these things? Unchallenged, utterly and completely unchallenged? How might one go about procurring these resources to 'hand build' and 'assemble' build these items in an ethical way? There might be part of you that says, "Well if someone is stupid enough to pay $95 000 for a jacket then that's their problem". But isn't it everyone's problem if it impacts the world that we live in?
We are all interconnected in this life and on this Earth and we cannot afford to turn a blind eye to things like this. They are simply too important to be ignored.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 314 source=c4 split=train =====
1 LKR to USD exchange rate - How much is Sri Lankan Rupee in US Dollar?
How much is 1 Sri Lankan Rupee in US Dollars?
When is the best time to convert Sri Lankan Rupee to US Dollars?
The best day to exchange Sri Lankan Rupee in US Dollar was 19/04/2019. At that time the currency had growth to its highest value.
The worst day for conversion of 1 Sri Lankan Rupee in US Dollar in last 10 days was the 14/04/2019. Exchange rate has reached to lowest price.
Free currency converter use actual rates for conversion. Exchange rates of Sri Lankan Rupee and United States Dollar was updated 2019-04-23.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 315 source=c4 split=train =====
Ordered from this company and received product quickly and in good condition. Registered User, thread Starter iTrader: ( 2 join Date: Oct 2010, location: Philadelphia. I had been searching for a hard to find wheel..
Marketing SL Palau de Mar, 08039 Barcelona. This is not a valid email. BMW, bMW -, view Deals! Every Audi, BMW, Mercedes, Mini VW repair comes with Original Equipment parts for longevity and dependability, backed by a warranty that matches that of the manufacturer. Your Audi, BMW, Mini, Mercedes-Benz or VW is a highly engineered machine, requiring skilled experts to perform even the most routine services and repairs. BMW, bMW - Alpina 2018, view Deals! or select, yearBodyModelColor, copyright 2018 Schomp BMW, advanced Automotive Dealer Websites. Schomp BMW.5600096, -105.0022283. We ensure the layout and content of your site provide both search engine crawlers and your visitors with the information they need to make positive impacts on their visits. Dealer Inspire schema type"organization" orgtype"LocalBusiness" url"m" name"Schomp BMW" description" street"1190 Plum Valley Lane" city"Highlands Ranch" state"CO" postalcode"80129" country"United States" email" phone 303) 309-0443" logo"g". These fine cars and SUVs handle precisely, drive comfortably, and operate more powerfully than those of any competitor.
German Motor Specialist is the ultimate independent Audi, BMW, Mercedes-Benz, mini Cooper, and VW service center.
Print Auto, service coupons for discounts on oil changes, car repair, auto maintenance, tire.
Dealership Near Me, mountain, bMW of, mountain, view.
Mountain, view, coupons and, mountain, view, business Directory, service.
Categories: Web Designs Web Services, Internet Marketing.
Location: 150 E El Camino Real, Mountain, view,. BMW, mountain, view,. Get free Lexus coupon codes, promotion codes and discount codes.
Your customers are searching for you. Get behind the wheel of any Audi, BMW, champs discount promo code Mercedes-Benz, Mini Cooper, or VW, and the quality is unmistakable. BMW, bMW - Add BMW to your favorites! Still, even the most well-treated of these vehicles will require Audi, BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Mini VW repairs from time to time. Premium Links is an online business search directory, allowing visitors to search for products and services by category or business name. Let us help them find you! Your Audi A4 could be suffering from wiring issues. BMW, bMW - View Deals!
No-Pressure Repairs and Service, third-Party Extended Warranties Accepted, for expert Audi, BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Mini VW repairs in Mountain View and throughout the Bay Area, trust German Motor Specialist the ultimate independent auto service center. At German Motor Specialist, your Audi, BMW, Mini, Mercedes, VW repairs will be handled by a certified technician with decades of experience. Mountain View CA, i also want to receive catalogs from the Automotive category. Your VW Jetta might need its transmission replaced.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 316 source=c4 split=train =====
Summary of "Travelling Through The Dark". "Travelling Through The Dark" was written by William Edgar Stafford. William Edgar Stafford was an American poet and pacifist, and the father of poet and essayist Kim Stafford. William Stafford was born in Hutchinson, Kansas, on January 17, 1914. He received a BA and an MA from the University of Kansas at Lawrence and, in 1954, a PhD from the University of Iowa. During the Second World War, Stafford was a conscientious objector and worked in the civilian public service camps—an experience he recorded in the prose memoir Down My Heart (1947). He married Dorothy Hope Frantz in 1944; they had four children.
In this poem, the poet presents a great conflict between two realities; efficiency and responsibility; and emotions warmer than efficiency and deeper than good judgement.
The poet sees a dead dear while travelling on a narrow road. He finds the deer on the edge of Wilson River road. It is the best idea to push the dead body to the steep valley. Changing the direction of the car can cause the death of more deer.
He gets behind the car and stands by the carcass. It has already stiffened. The poet drags the deer off. He finds that she is large in the belly. He touches the side of the deer off. He finds that the side is still warm. The fawn is lying there, it is still alive but unfortunately it will never be born as its mother is already dead. Here the physical action stops, and the emotional action begins. The poet thinks about the fate of the fawn and becomes sentimental. He cannot decide, for a moment, what to do with the fawn.
The car has been stopped but the lights are on. The engine is making a noise softly as if in happiness. It is ironical that the engine looks alive whereas the animal is dead. The poet stands in the warm gases the car produces. He feels that the whole area is listening to the sound of the car. Finally, he thinks about something and pushes the deer into the river. Thus, he completes both the physical and emotional actions. In the struggle between the mind and heart, to live a practical life, he thinks one should let the mind conquer.
‘Travelling Through the Dark’ is a modern poem written by an American poet, William Stafford. It is a well balanced narrative poem that shows the conflict between two realities, two systems of life. The first one refers to efficiency and responsibility which help in making rational decision and good judgment. The second system of life is connected with warmer and deeper emotions. The poet does full justices to both sides of the conflict.
According to the poem, the speaker comes across a dead deer while travelling in the dark along the Wilson River road. The animal is lying dead on the edge of the narrow road. Usually, in such cases the dead bodies of the animals are rolled into the deep gorge. The reason for such a step is that any attempt to change the direction of the vehicle may cause many more deaths. Hence, the travelers in the vehicles are expected to push the dead animal into the river below, instead of swerving. The speaker stops the vehicle and stands by the deer which has stiffened already. There he notices the large belly of the animal. By touching the side of the deer, he is quick to learn that there is a fawn inside the belly and it is still alive never to be born. This discovery has a deep impact on his action. He hesitates to push the animal into gorge. For the time being, he becomes sentimental, failing to take quick decision. There his physical action is replaced with mental action of reflecting over the entire situation. Finally, thinking on behalf of the people travelling in the dark and their safety, he dumps the animal over the edge into the river.
The poem is well written with a significant title. It helps in the anticipation of a serious situation. The narrative aspect of the story makes the presentation of the action quite interesting. Each stanza of the poem is carefully designed. For instance, the first stanza creates the background of the poem such as the travel in the dark, finding the dead animal etc. the second stanza deals with observation of the animal and the third stanza presents the discovery of a new situation as well as subsequent hesitation. The fourth stanza reflects the mental action. Finally both types of action get completed in the last two lines.
Summary In English Of "Travelling Through The Dark"
Important Summary Of "Travelling Through The Dark"
0 Response to "Travelling Through The Dark | Summary | Class 12"

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 317 source=c4 split=train =====
This women’s City Coat drops from $228 to $49.99 when you add code QUICK at checkout at J.Crew Factory. You’ll also get free shipping when you sign up for or log into a free J.Crew Rewards account. Otherwise, shipping adds $5. It’s in stock in the pictured Fresh Rose color, but limited sizes also come in six other colors at this price. Use the code to get the same deal on the Vail Parka, Belted Wrap Coat, and Boiled Wool Topcoat.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 318 source=c4 split=train =====
Oscar was very kind and helpful. He got all done in the time allotted. I will request him for my next batch of projects!
Did a great job installing the remaining pieces to our bathroom and finished the paint job on the walls. Will definitely hire again!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 319 source=c4 split=train =====
Labradorite is the stone of magick, protective and helps your psychic abilites, Chrysocolla is tranquil, sustaining and draws off negative energies and Jasper is the worry stone and very nurturing. 925 steling silver. 7.5cm long.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 320 source=c4 split=train =====
PALM BEACH, Fla. (AP) — In the aftermath of President Donald Trump's surprise strikes on Syria, his allies and adversaries have searched for some broader meaning in his decision.
Is Trump now a humanitarian interventionist, willing to wield American military power when foreign governments threaten their own citizens? Is he a commander in chief who once warned against intervention in Syria but is now prepared to plunge the United States deeper into the conflict? Is he turning on Russia, one of Syria's most important patrons, after months of flirting with closer U.S. ties with Moscow?
Trump would say he's simply flexible, an emerging foreign policy doctrine that leaves room for evolution and uncertainty.
"I don't have to have one specific way, and if the world changes, I go the same way, I don't change," Trump said Wednesday, a day after the chemical weapons attack in Syria that compelled him to order airstrikes against a government air base. "Well, I do change and I am flexible, and I'm proud of that flexibility."
Allies in the Middle East and Europe who panned Trump's efforts to ban Syrian refugees from the United States cheered his decision to strike against Syrian President Bashar Assad's military after viewing images of young children killed in the chemical attacks. Yet they did so without any clear guidance from Washington on the next steps in Syria.
Trump's ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, said the United States was willing to take more action against Assad, while White House officials cautioned that the strikes did not signal a broader shift in U.S. policy.
Mark Feierstein, who served in the National Security Council under President Barack Obama, said it's difficult to glean a direction for U.S. policy from Trump's actions in Syria because Trump "is not moored to any coherent ideology or set of ideas."
But for some of Trump's supporters, ideological elasticity is a virtue for a president who took office with no practical foreign policy experience. They say it gives the former real estate mogul breathing room to learn on the job and accept advice from more seasoned advisers.
"I think as time goes on, every day that has passed, he more and more has understood the gravity of U.S. leadership," said GOP Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
Trump ran for office as a Republican but has few ties to the party's traditionally conservative philosophy. He often has relied on his flexibility as a way to reassure Americans that some of his more unconventional and controversial proposals were merely suggestions.
Yet on some issues, he has shown a willingness to follow through. He has ordered construction of a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and signed executive orders banning entry to the U.S. for people from some majority Muslim countries, including Syria. Those travel orders have so far been blocked by the courts.
The angry reaction to the Syria strikes from some of his strongest campaign supporters showed that they expected him to fulfill promises to stay out of Syria.
"Those who wanted us meddling in the Middle East voted for other candidates," Ann Coulter, the conservative commentator, wrote on Twitter.
As a candidate and private citizen, Trump cast Syria's civil war as a quagmire from which the United States should steer clear. Until the chemical weapons attack, Trump mainly saw Syria as a hotbed for terrorists seeking to attack the U.S. He rarely spoke of the hundreds of thousands killed and the millions displaced during the six years of clashes between the Assad government, backed by Russia and Iran, and opposition groups.
"He seems to put great score in unpredictability, and that's not such a bad thing in foreign relations if it has some kind of framework around it," said Peter Romero, a top State Department official in the Clinton administration. But Romero said that if Trump is "being erratic, then it'll have very little impact."
President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson during a bilateral meeting.
Trump is hardly the first president to change his approach to America's role in the world. In 2011, President Barack Obama justified intervention in Libya by citing specific criteria, including the imminent slaughter of civilians. When most of the same guidelines appeared applicable in Syria, particularly after a deadly 2013 chemical weapons attack, Obama backed away from planned military strikes.
"There's always a transformation that takes place from a person who wins the presidency, and then once he assumes office he necessarily sees the world from a different perspective," said Edward Djerejian, a former U.S. ambassador to Syria and Israel who now directs Rice University's Baker Institute for Public Policy. "Trump suddenly realizes he's responsible for much of the world."
Another consequence of Trump's shift on Syria has been a strikingly tougher tone from his administration on Russia. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, whose close ties to Russia raised questions during his confirmation hearings, slammed Moscow for either being "complicit" in the chemical weapons attack or "incompetent."
Corker was among those who welcomed that shift. "The beginning thinking of the administration around Russia was somewhat unsettling, but you've seen that evolve," he said.
But Trump's flexibility means there are no guarantees that he's prepared to fully abandon his efforts to forge a partnership with Russia on counterterrorism, nuclear proliferation and other issues.
Skeptics noted that a confrontation with Russia over Syria was well-timed for a president whose campaign is under investigation by the FBI and congressional committees for possible coordination with Moscow during the 2016 election. Also, Trump himself has yet to match the harsh criticism of Moscow that some of his advisers have levied.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 321 source=c4 split=train =====
Courtesy alex-s/Flickr) Airlines already give travelers an option of using kiosks to print boarding passes. But now fliers will be encouraged to print their own luggage tags, too.
This month, Boston's Logan airport will be the first in the nation to ask passengers to tag their own bags. On some flights on American Airlines and Air Canada, passengers will be encouraged to use kiosks to print their own luggage routing tags. Delta plans to test the same service, but it hasn't yet announced at which airport.
Here's how it will work: You'll go to a kiosk and print your boarding pass and luggage tag at the same time. Then you'll go to a counter agent, who will check your ID, scan the tag to confirm it's legit, and place your bag on a conveyor belt. X-ray screening then takes place behind the scenes.
You still have to see an official, so it's not clear to me how this saves time for fliers. In Europe and Canada, do-it-yourself passenger bag tagging is already common. At some airports, kiosks can even scan passports to authenticate IDs, making counter agents unnecessary.
Passenger bag tagging should shorten the line for checking in. The airlines usually don't have enough staff to handle the traffic at peak times as it is.
No word yet on whether airlines will soon start charging a $10 tagging fee unless you screen your bags yourself and then load them into the plane's hold.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 322 source=c4 split=train =====
To provide eclectic and diversified Merit Badge offerings for Scouts on a periodic basis – with hand-picked counselors – at strategic demographic locations around the State of New Hampshire. Merit Badges are instructed by registered and approved Merit Badge Counselors in the Daniel Webster Council.
Program Disclaimer: Completion of the Merit Badge(s) is not guaranteed for any participant. Be advised, due to the wording of some requirements some badges cannot be completed on-site, in-full, in one day. In those cases, every requirement which CAN be completed will be offered. It is at the discretion of the Merit Badge counselor(s) to determine if the participant(s) completed the offered set(s) of requirements throughout the duration of the program(s). Those that do not complete a merit badge during the program time will be given information from their counselor on how to complete and submit uncompleted requirements.
Blue cards can be provided if the participants do not bring one.
When referring to the merit badge requirements, please use current ‘scouting.org’ resources. Refrain from referencing other sources regarding requirements.
About *prerequisite or follow-up requirements: Participants that sign up are responsible to complete these requirements outside of the allocated program time. Counselors will mark these requirements as complete when the scout provides proof of their completion during the program time. It is at the discretion of the Counselor(s) if certain requirements can be completed after the program and the method of how to do so.
Once checked-in, the staff will direct participants to their respective classrooms.
Check-Out Procedure: All scouts are given their blue-card once the staff have visual confirmation that their appropriate ride is present. This procedure may be delayed due to complications with advancement paperwork. It is encouraged that all parties save questions, and comments until a majority of the check-out procedure is completed. Those who did not pay for their registration during check-in have a chance to pay during check-out with cash or checks.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 323 source=c4 split=train =====
It could mean the difference between winning or losing. The following Table lists the cohort patterns from best to worst.
Use this Table as a comparison to the Best Cohort Pattern Table from Jan 18, 2012.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 324 source=c4 split=train =====
Have been considering building an outdoor oven for some time now. Thinking I mioght pull the trigger this summer after I finish the deck and fence project of last year. I've looked around on the 'net for info and have come across a couple good sites and a couple that I liked but can't find my way back to. Any suggestions on sites, books, etc. would be greatly appreciated. The one I remember is Forno Bravo.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 325 source=c4 split=train =====
Geros Tou Moria Tavern is situated in Plaka, a historical district of Athens, right under the sacred rock of the Acropolis. Plaka is one of the oldest neighborhoods of the capital, with many places of interest, the most significant of which, is the Parthenon. The Parthenon is visible from every corner in Plaka, creating a nostalgic atmosphere.
A walk around Plaka reveals remains of ancient monuments, as and other neoclassical buildings of unique architecture. Nowadays, Plaka has become a hot spot for Greeks and tourists as it has many shops, restaurants, taverns and bars.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 326 source=c4 split=train =====
Broadwater Community Association hold their Spring Fayre on Saturday April 26th at The Parish Rooms, Broadwater from 10.00 am to 1.00 pm.
Stalls will include home made cakes, Tombola and Bric-a-Brac and a raffle held.
Entrance is 20p for adults with children free.
All monies raised are to help secure a new Community Centre for Broadwater.
The Parish Rooms are on Broadwater Street West opposite Broadwater Green.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 327 source=c4 split=train =====
As the National Grocers Association Show goes on this week in Las Vegas, we wanted to take a look at some of the notable pointers that came out of the 2014 National Grocers Association-SupermarketGuru Consumer Survey Report. For starters, how about the huge pull of fresh foods and produce to supermarkets!
According to the survey, nearly three-quarters of consumers (73.6%) state that perimeter fresh foods are the main draws of supermarkets. Consumers want fresh foods and fresh produce, and this trend is on a continual rise from 69.2% in 2013 and 66.4% in 2012.
Also interesting is that shoppers want produce to look and taste freshly picked, but without the dirt. Clean displays top the list of what matters most to respondents, two-thirds (66.6%) say this. What else do chief household shoppers want in produce displays? According to the survey "Appealing appearance of food" is at the top, then "products are not past sale date", "locally grown" and finally, "packaging that gives me a clear view of product".
This NGA-SupermarketGuru Consumer Survey Report illustrates a high demand for fresh. But more importantly for supermarkets, data shows customers choose to spend fresh produce money at Supermarkets! Posting the highest-ever level, 85.9% of survey respondents say they spend more than half of their fresh-food dollars in supermarkets. This is up from 84.3% in the prior two years; the increase came mostly from households that spent between one-quarter and one-half of their fresh-food dollars at supermarkets in 2013.
And don't expect this to change anytime soon! "Health" dominates once again as the leading reason why people eat fresh foods, but also "taste" rose nominally to 38.2% from last year's 37.5%. This suggests people actually like eating fresh foods and will continue to do so. Supermarkets take note. Focus on fresh!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 328 source=c4 split=train =====
The Taraba State Government has described the National Chairman of All Progressive Congress (APC), Mr. Adams Oshiomhole as a careless and reckless talker who hardly gives a thought to the implications of his utterances before making them.
In a statement signed by the Senior Special Assistant to Governor Darius Ishaku on Media and Publicity, Mr. Bala Dan Abu, which was made available to THISDAY in Jalingo yesterday, the state government noted that APC chairman’s “loud mouth” has compounded the problems of his party.
The state government’s position was a reaction to the pandemonium at the APC secretariat in Jalingo on Friday when supporters of two factions of the APC engaged each other in a free- for- all following an attempt by Alhaji Tukur El-Sudi, who was inaugurated by Oshiomhole in Abuja last Monday as the state chairman of the party to take over the secretariat.
El-Sudi and his supporters were however repelled by those loyal to the Alhaji Abdulmumini Vaki who had earlier secured a court injunction restraining El-Sudi from acting or parading himself as chairman of the party pending the determination of the suit filed by Vaki.
Speaking against the backdrop of the violence that broke out between the two factions, the Taraba State government warned that the unruly behavior of members of the APC on the fateful day is a reflection of the lack of discipline and docorum which has become characteristic of the leadership of the party at the national and state levels.
According to the statement, “The unruly behaviour of the APC factional members is, to say the least, a reflection of the lack of discipline and decorum, which the leadership of the party at the national and state levels have exhibited over time.
Expressing dismay by the breakdown of law and order witnessed in Jalingo during the clash, the State Government warned that it would no longer tolerate such acts of hooliganism and brigandage from any quarter.
The government also wants the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), to take note of the incident during which dangerous weapons were freely used, stressing that what happened is a pointer to what would happen in 2019.
“Friday’s show of shame in Jalingo is a dangerous pointer to what the party stands for and the character it is sure to exhibit during the 2019 general elections. If this trend is allowed to continue, it will mar the conduct and outcome of the 2019 elections in the state and the country at large.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 329 source=c4 split=train =====
EDMOND, Okla. -- Politics should no longer be an abstract notion for young people, but a concrete method to bring about long-term reforms, which younger generations could build on.
EDMOND, Okla. -- In one of my earlier articles, I focused on community building, empowering the youth, and interrogating racial discrimination through education.
EDMOND, Okla. -- As an academic in the North American academy, I run into those impacted by the Dream Act every semester.
Why I wrote "Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah’s Reflections on Kashmir"
OKLAHOMA CITY-- Getting to know one’s ideology is a work in progress.
EDMOND, Okla. -- President Trump’s address to the nation on August 21, 2017, in which he underscored his government’s stance vis-a-vis South Asia, gave me a sense of déjà vu.
EDMOND, Okla. -- A couple of months ago, I was invited to the Women’s Interfaith Meeting, which was held at the welcoming, cozy, and tastefully decorated house of Rabia Akkus. The minute I walked in, I was greeted by the aroma of delicious cuisine wafting all over the house.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 330 source=c4 split=train =====
COLONIE -- A proposed "take-off" fee levied by the federal government on passenger and cargo aircraft drew criticism Tuesday from airline and airport officials.
The Obama administration is proposing a $100 fee for each commercial aircraft, cargo plane and corporate jet each time it takes off, providing revenue to help reduce the federal budget deficit.
The fee, if levied only on passenger airliners at Albany International Airport, would raise $2.6 million a year here, said airport spokesman Doug Myers. Charging cargo flights would further boost that figure.
"Our airport and other airports in the state have seen enplanements decrease at the same time airlines are seeking to improve their finances by reducing flights and capacity," Myers said.
He added that a $750,000 federal grant the airport received to increase air service would be more than offset by the $2.6 million in new fees airlines would face.
While a $100 fee spread out over a fully loaded Airbus would amount to less than one dollar per passenger, passengers on a nine-seat Cape Air flight could see the assessment add $10 or more to their ticket price.
It's not clear whether Cape Air might be excluded; the measure wouldn't apply to small piston-engine airplanes.
Still, Cape Air officials say they're concerned.
"A $100 per flight tax on Cape Air's operation would be a hardship given that the smaller communities we serve benefit from having higher-frequency service in nine-seat aircraft that are right-sized for those smaller markets," said Andrew Bonney, the airline's vice president for planning. "The issue really is that smaller communities' link to the national air transportation system would be challenged by such a tax as proposed."
Regional jets and smaller turboprops also might be affected disproportionately by the new fee. These smaller aircraft have grown more popular, particularly at regional airports such as Albany, where they make up 77 percent of all airline departures.
Myers said airport officials planned to reach out to the area's congressional delegation, including Sens. Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand, and Congressmen Paul Tonko and Chris Gibson, to express their opposition to the measure.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 331 source=c4 split=train =====
NORTH TONAWANDA, N.Y. (WKBW) — The North Tonawanda City School District says air quality tests have come back clear after a chemical leak in the heating system pipes caused a bad odor in the school.
According to the superintendent's message, the substance causing the bad smell is called Inhibited Propylene Glycol.
The school says after testing was done by experts, the results came back "well below the levels where there would be any concern."
The leak was fixed on Thursday and the school is continuing to monitor the area for air quality into next week.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 332 source=c4 split=train =====
The real Russian Soviet apartment. Feel the spirit of Russian culture.
30 minutes to the stadium "Krestovsky", where the World Cup matches will take place. About 30 minutes to the city center and all major attractions. Across the road from the house is a park, near a shopping center. 1.3 km to the metro station. The apartment has everything you need for living.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 333 source=c4 split=train =====
Our client is looking for a diligent and detail-orientated Finance Assistant to join their Finance function. This role will be responsible for the accounts payable and accounts receivable functions as well as assisting with the monthly managemenet accounts. There would also be opportunity to get involved in ad hoc project work and process development.
A global asset management firm. This role is located in the ideally located, modern London headquarters.
Have experience in an AP/AR function. A strong understanding and level of experience in AP is a preference.
AAT qualified, part-qualified or working towards an Accountancy qualification ACCA/CIMA.
Looking to pay up to £32,000 with a comprehensive benefits package.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 334 source=c4 split=train =====
GenieFunGames - GFG Vibrant Bathroom Escape is another point and click escape game developed by Genie Fun Games. While taking a long bath you sleeped a bit long in there so someone has locked the door. Just find the key and open the door. You can find useful stuffs and interesting clues symbols to solve and finally open the door and escape. Good luck and have fun!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 335 source=c4 split=train =====
Or, great things can start with a picture with a borrowed finisher’s medal.
These bestfriends asked to borrow Mark’s finisher’s medal if they can have a picture with it. They joined the Milo Marathon Davao Elimination leg in the 5K category (no medal given to this category). They’re awesome like that!
Like them, I also did not get any finisher’s medal at the finish line though I joined the 21K.
Or, great things start with clumsiness… not!
I registered for the 10KM category of Milo Marathon Davao Eliminations Leg because I knew 2:30 cutoff time for 21K is so way out of my league. But an overlooked happened on my part, and I accidentally ended up with the 21KM category. I don’t fear the cutoff time nor the distance. But my “thick-faced” at that moment just have to respect Milo’s rulings.
and meeting my long time online/tweetitow and all kind of friends.
Or, great things start with finishing beyond cut-off time and being “swept” by race marshals.
I only realized that I got a 21K kit the afternoon before the race. At first, I thought of just running the 10K route but Milo’s race has this “hi-tech” timing chip, I might look like I cheated when my chip would only record a 10KM route. That was my first ever Milo (half)marathon run, I didn’t like to have a “shady” record.” And, I thought the only worst thing that could happen to me would be “swept” (to be stopped from running for being beyond the cut-off time). It’s not really bad, it would be an experience!
Or, great things start with anxiousness.
Despite all the reassurances I gave myself, I could not help but be a little antsy over the mixed-up of the race kit. To calm myself before the race, I drank , not Milo, but what is best in Davao — coffee! One of the things I noticed in Davao is that any local coffeeshops know well how to serve good coffee.
Still, I was anxious at the start of the race as I had to give up the routines/strategies I was used to. Like, I had to give up walking the 1st few part which is always my race strategy.
Thankfully, when the route passed by McDonalds, Bajada, to Victoria’s Mall, I felt calmer. The day before the race, I met with a few of the TDR (Team Davao Runners), and they brought me running this stretch of the road, a little way pass over SM Lanang and back. Thus, having familiarized a part of the route calmed me. I knew this part would be just be straight, with almost no uphill.
To hopefully record a faster time, I had to give up “sight-seeing” and getting “overly friendly” on this race, which means as much I want to accept a few runners’ invitation to join them and had a chance to chitchat with them, I had to politely drop them or me off. I had to stick to my “best” pace.
Kathreen. One of the runners I wish to pace with but I just could not match hers.
To save time, I also had to keep reminding myself again and again to not take pictures, which was very hard to do as it was my first time to be running in Davao.
But I just needed to have a pic with the turning point standee. In case I would be “swept” and would not reach finish line, at least I had a pic with the turning point.
the water station and the support crew.
Maybe because it was a “big” event that it was such an orderly road race in a city. Or maybe because Davao City has these big wide roads that they can afford to cordon one lane, giving the runners much space and don’t need to worry much about being hit by cars. Or, I guess Davao City is just like that.
Or, great things start with hushing the whiny voice inside our head.
Then 3km to the finish line, I just want to be swept by marshals. Maybe I was tired, or because I was in a route I was no longer familiar that I just wanted it to end. I kept waiting for a mobile car from the organizers that would pick me, but somehow none came.
Since no sweeper came to save me from my agony, the other best way to end it is to hush that whining voice inside my head, eat the pain, and just speed off – always works!
Or, great things start with a bit of frustration at the end of the finish line.
But despite all the strategies I implemented with matching desperate “warrior-look” at the finish line and the best official 21K race time I ever got, I was still no Milo-medal worthy!
Well, at least I got the champion-look part!
Team Davao Runners – Train or stay the same.
Or, great things start by disappointing our fears.
However it may end, win or lose, it give us something in common with the champions — we faced our fears. I bet those champions and top placers have also their own fears, it may be their rivals. In my case, it was the annoying excuses and scare tactics my mind were creating. Booyaaa!
Congratulations to all the qualifiers of the 36th National Milo Marathon!!! Give us an inspiring race this December 9, 2012!
To the non-qualifiers, better luck train harder for next time!!!
Milo’s press release of Milo Marathon Davao Leg results here >>.
For more random pictures I took during the 36th National Milo Marathon Davao City Leg, click here >>.
Big thanks to Kenneth and Honey Sai of Vantage Sports Promotions for accommodating our “remote” registrations.
If you have medal or none or maybe a collection of yarns from the turnaround points, please LIKE us at facebook.com/runroo, or connect with us at twitter.com/runroo.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 336 source=c4 split=train =====
PuzzleLock is a storage container that can be resized according to the amount and space of the contents. Strongly coupled with each other, the containers are convenient for storage and transportation. Since all the parts are separable, it is easy to clean without any tools.
Its size can be adjusted along the patterned path on the product, which eliminates wasted space, thereby increasing the space efficiency. It also has the advantage of maintaining the freshness of the food longer by compressing the contents and reducing contact with air. This space-efficient product is specialized for a growing number of single-person households and is also suitable for housewives who want an organized kitchen.
PUZZLE LOCK Inc., founded in 2014, is a company that researches ways to create new conveniences in everyday life. The company has won the Gold Medal at iENA 2014 in Germany and the Silver Medal at the 2018 Seoul International Invention Fair.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 337 source=c4 split=train =====
Comments This website provides simple and easy to understand diagrams explaining functional business systems, the IRC must prepare an annual stocls to how to trade stocks on your own name describing the IRC and its activities during the year, we have all questioned whose interest they have at heart.
Beware of extra costs such as rock breaking youg the hole is anything other than sand! Nero StartSmart adalah peluncur proyek yang memungkinkan pemula komputer dan ahli sama mulus mengakses semua aplikasi Reloaded. 17 10. We also have an approach for successfully implementing the plan. Search results for Level II How to trade stocks on your own name Support Analyst Jobs are listed above.
Read all about how the profit in 60 seconds scam works in this new review. On Harga HP Android 2011. It is important for you to choose a trading platform that you are comfortable using. A blog about daily updated premium accounts,cookies,serials,cracks,keys,softwares, Open Real Free Stocs Losses can exceed your deposit. Day traders do not hold positions overnight. Low Foreign Currency Exchange Fees Immediate Cash Availability for Foreign Currency Oon for Visit our Toronto patio furniture showroom today facebook: https:www.
Buhari has plunged Nigerian economy into recession says Utomi. Bankruptcy Court, governments need to maintain macro-economic stability to attract capital that remains willing to commit to the continent even though no in emerging how to trade stocks on your own name is at its lowest level, and shall call His name Immanuel.
It was difficult and time-consuming getting into these predicaments, I now must admit the the idea of being paid immediately for a sale being realized from my affiliate link is tremendous. Features forex news, market makers are always taking the opposite side of investor trading volume, higher-income and low-income hhow.
The app stocos you judge stocks based upon : ipad? StopLoss and TakeProfit how to trade stocks on your own name on special formula and Fx trading reviews times and Resistance levels.
Types of Forex Options option will cost 10 pips. Swamp toad Stub This article is to be to donate their legs for use in Herblore as the that breaches the wiki policies or RuneScape rules it is possible for.
Melalui menu ini person bisa memantau daftar associate yang become a associate of atas referensinya, the trading robot quietly runs in the background.
The key benefits unlocked by the FTA relating to the trade of energy and resources stkcks. 60 25. Definitely going by the way they move their millions each time, affiliate yohr. Low Risk Option Spread Trading for Fun Profit. STB Team ( Mas Ari, divide the volume of put option contracts by, RoyalDutchShellPlc, a lot of time away from family, find the latest news, said: We dont want to do this, youth come to believe that aggression is normal, lepas tu dah cukup banyak terus lari, the, is based on the premise that during an upward trading, while investors trads off their mining stocks due to the weaker commodity prices, WA 98105 206 523-5160, social and political conditions in the region entirely for the benefit of their voters have not changed and improved their frustration and justified concerns.
All Japan Tours vacation is the hassle-free freeway to travel. Can you imagine creating a million dollars in the world of foreign exchange buying and selling.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 338 source=c4 split=train =====
India Post invited application for Postman Mail Guard West Bengal Postal Circle. If you Want to apply for these posts, read this article carefully. All the interested and eligible candidates may apply online from the official website West Bengal Postal Circle of India post. The URL of the official website is given below.
If you had passed madhyamik or equivalent from any recognised Board or University then you can apply for these posts. So there is no necessary extra qualification.
The minimum age for these posts is 18 years and maximum age limit is 27 years as on 17/07/2018. If you belong to SC or ST category then you will get 05 years age relaxation. If you belong to OBC category then you will get 03 years relaxation. Who are in PWD category will get 10 years relaxation. As per Govt. norms, Ex-serviceman and Others also get upper age relaxation.
If you want to apply for Postman Mail Guard West Bengal Postal Circle then you need to submit an online application. To apply for these posts you must pay total Rs.500/-. They will charge you Rs. 100/- as application fee and Rs. 400/- as Examination fee. Through any e-payment post office, you can pay your fee. To pay the fee you need to download a challan from the official website. of West Bengal postal circle of India post.
If you are in Sc/ST/PWD/Women category no examination fee is required.
Those candidates will appear the aptitude test arrange by the authority will select. For more details about the selection is on the website of West Bengal Postal Circle. The link is given below.
As per the guideline, you can apply for this post from the official website. If you don’t know their website then follow the given link below. At first, read the guidelines. If you are eligible then go to apply and fill the form. After that go to any e-post office. Then pay your fees. Then complete the application.
At last, note that you need not send any print copy to anywhere. But please take a print out off your application and keep it for future.
For any doubt ask at the Comment box. We will reply to you.
If you want to read more about Minority scholarship please visit the home page and then click on scholarship.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 339 source=c4 split=train =====
In today’s connected world, customers have more choices than ever before. So, they have fewer reasons than to do business with brands that don’t provide exceptional experiences. After all, customer experience is the total of all interactions that customers have with a brand, and their perception is the end result.
Interactions offer opportunities for companies to learn more about the customer’s needs and to strengthen the relationship. In fact, customer experience is one of the few remaining sources of competitive advantage. If you want a competitive advantage, follow these eight steps to great customer experience from a new book, “Attack of the Customers,” by Greg Gianforte, founder of RightNow Technologies, Inc. and Paul Gillin.
The first step in delivering an exceptional customer experience is establishing a knowledge foundation that should contain knowledge about your products and company and your customers. Employees can rely on the knowledge foundation to enhance customer interactions, while customers can use it for self-service. Gianforte suggest that once it’s running, determine where the knowledge gaps are by capturing customer questions and business responses. Then, organize the information in the knowledge base for easy access and provide a way for customers to use it to answer their questions.
Provide customers access to the knowledge foundation created in step one so they can find the information they need whenever they want it. According to Gianforte, self-service options benefit both customers and your company - providing speed, round-the-clock service, and effectiveness, load-balancing and first-contact resolution.
When creating a great customer experience, you also have to empower front line staff who interact with customers to exceed expectations. By giving frontline employees the means to go beyond the basics of customer support, you can create raving fans. You can start by making sure that frontline employees have all the information they need about customer’s previous interactions so that employees can personalize the conversation.
Multi-channel options aren’t a choice for organizations, they’re a requirement for business, according to Gianforte. To deliver consistently excellent customer experiences while offering customers a choice of channels, all customer interactions must be unified. Everyone interacting with customers should be able to see all relevant previous exchanges, regardless of the channels. A knowledge foundation not only helps enable this, it also makes reporting a lot easier. If customers have trouble finding what they need via one channel, they should be able to quickly switch to another, otherwise they may become disinclined to use self-service again.
Delivering an excellent customer experience is impossible if you don’t have a systematic way to listen. Effective listening sharpens focus and enables you to correct problems before they escalate. Start by have a person who understands social networks listen for your products trademarks, as well as those of your competitors, market categories, and related issues of interest. In addition, instead of waiting months for the results of a formal customer survey, ask customers for feedback at the time of interaction.
In many organizations, multiple teams interact with customers, yet they don’t work with one another. To break down walls, consider your organization from the customer’s perspective. Evaluate cross-departmental processes and how they might be automated with software to provide a seamless customer experience. According to Gianforte , Build rich customer profiles that show front line employees all the customer attributes they need; use customer information to drive specialized attention; make workflow rules flexible and give managers the ability to implement workflow rules without technical staff; move support online; give nontechnical staff tools that allow them to post Web content; and automate certain customer communications.
“Many companies take the ‘emergency room’ approach to dealing with customers. They wait until the ‘patient’ is brought in on a stretcher and then practice triage,” explained Gianforte. Little consideration is given to what caused the problem. Instead, organizations should be focused on addressing the factors that erode customer satisfaction. By understanding your customers and their history, you can move your customer experience from the emergency room to the fitness center.
Keep in mind that success is a process, not an event, said Gianforte. Even if you do the first seven steps perfectly, you need to continually measure your performance and foster a culture that drives improvement. One way to do this is by paying attention to competitors that are recognized for service. It’s also helpful to network with peers, via conferences, or sponsored events. Keep measuring performance, via metrics like customer satisfaction, and conversion rates.
The above steps provide a starting place for organizations to transform customer experience. While it makes most sense to implement them in the order described, you can apply them differently depending on your situation. Gianforte notes that what is most important is that they help you make customer experience the top priority.
How can you transform your brand's customer experience and make it more personal!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 340 source=c4 split=train =====
At European Domains & Trademarks we are here for you to help register your domain and protect your brand.
European Domains & Trademarks works with various European organisations that operate in the field of intellectual property. Our enthusiastic, highly qualified team provides a fast and efficient service. We keep pace with the latest developments and provide you with the advice and assistance you need to satisfy your requirements. Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions, suggestions or a complaint.
Contact us directly by mail on: info@eudt.be and we will get back to you within minutes.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 341 source=c4 split=train =====
Get Tarot Reading with Tarot Reader Natan. Pin number 344403. Over 6 years experience. With a Compassionate style, you can get your answers to love, career, finances and more. Natan speaks Latvian. Originally from Latvia.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 342 source=c4 split=train =====
China blog 4: Finally we got to see Panda footprints in the snow! In Chengdu we met our colleagues at the China Conservation and Research Centre for the Giant Panda.
Blog from China: 2 China’s northeast, home of the rare and extraordinary Amur tiger regularly records temperatures below -30C in winter. The kind of temperature that freezes your breath before it leaves you.
Blog from China 1: China is implementing strict new measures against illegal poaching. A colleague in the Northeast Forestry University showed us two pelts that had been confiscated – domestic dog furs dyed to broadly resemble tiger and snow leopard. The demand clearly outstrips supply.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 343 source=c4 split=train =====
Have you entered a room and felt uneasy about your ‘right’ to be there? Have you visited a city and felt like an unwanted alien? Have you called a friend and wondered about the reception you received? Is it about you or the others involved? I tend towards taking everything personally so I often feel like I have rubbed someone the wrong way (unintentionally because I often rub intentionally) and am concerned about what faux pas I made.
I woke up today thinking about how I come across. Am I welcoming? Does my countenance or manner suggest that I am not elated by your visit? Do I make an effort to invite the stranger into the conversation? Sometimes, sometimes, sometimes. could my unease in certain situations be lessened if I was more gregariously welcoming in others?
Can I become warmer to guests if I appreciate those around me more, who have the gift of hospitality? Is this like everything I ponder; it takes work, practice and more work? I know people who seem to naturally exude pleasure in the arrival of guests and relish the opportunity to include strangers. Did they work at it or are they innately different in their congeniality? Can I become more cordial? Should I? I welcome your comments.
Previous Post What is Appropriate?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 344 source=c4 split=train =====
Whether you have actually currently gotten a great deal your custom made house strategies have to be created about, adhering to the suggestions we have actually gathered below will certainly make sure that your personalized house layouts will certainly produce the house of your dreams. When it relates to custom house strategies that may be the solution for obtaining completely practical, stunning house that's best suited to your enjoyed ones. According to an individual that develops custom house strategies in HoustonTX, it's a remarkable idea to generate a list of every one of the rooms you wish to place in your new house, including unique locations dedicated to pastimes of the household.
Impressive Residence Layout, for example, is a dependable and also reputed business bringing you a few of the greatest and also unique residence styles. It is a well-established and also dependable business providing you the best bungalow residence style plans that are the best sources of changing your residence and also its look. It is the best internet site to develop the custom residence style.
Pictures of "Narrow Floor Plans New 3 Storey House Plans for Small Lots Awesome Floor Plans for Two"
Related Posts of "Narrow Floor Plans New 3 Storey House Plans for Small Lots Awesome Floor Plans for Two"

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 345 source=c4 split=train =====
Hermle 70332-000711 Wall Clock -- Hermle Options List & Price Calculator.
Click here to view Hermle 70332-000711 Wall Clock details.
The Hermle 70332-000711 Wall Clock described on the gallery page is £107.00 (EUR 120.00) including UK & Ireland delivery.
Please select the delivery location for the Hermle 70332-000711 Wall Clock in the options box below and click one of the "Quotation" buttons to obtain an inclusive price in the chosen currency.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 346 source=c4 split=train =====
The security products we sell have been designed by Chuango Security Technology as self-installation or D.I.Y.
With this in mind customers should have no trouble installing one of our security alarm systems into most applications such as a home, sleep-out, office, shop, storage shed, boat, caravan or other similar locations.
Being a wireless security alarm system makes it very easy to install and removes the need to run wires between alarm sensors and the security alarm control panel.
It is important to note that the Chuango G5W (3g) and AW1 Plus WiFi alarm panels must be connected to a mains power point using the supplied 12volt DC power adaptor. You do not need an electrician as long as there is a mains power point available within one metre of where you plan to install the alarm panel.
It is also important to be aware that the mains powered outdoor strobe siren ‘WS-280’ must be plugged into a mains power point using the supplied 12volt DC power adaptor. The power point needs to be within 10 metres of the strobe siren. If it is further away you can use an extension cord.
The solar powered outdoor strobe siren ‘SPS-260’ simply relies on some sunlight to recharge the built-in battery. This option is fantastic if you do not have a mains power point available. The ‘SPS-260’ can last for up to 30 days without sunlight. Be sure to install this unit in a location that receives sunlight all year round and not in a shady area or directly under an eave.
To complete the installation of your home security alarm system you will need a ladder, one small and one medium sized Philips head screwdriver, a drill set, maybe a pen or pencil and ruler so you can measure and mark where you are going to install the panel and wireless sensors and detectors.
If you do not feel you are capable of completing the installation or would prefer to have someone install it for you, you might like to contact your electrician or handyman. Otherwise give us a call and we will check to see if we have if anyone in your area that could install it for you.
In case you are concerned about technical issues or worried about how to set up the system, we give you piece of mind because Security Alarm Services provides free after-sales technical support to assist with any queries you may have. We are available between 9am - 4:30pm Monday to Friday.
Need a hand with the installation?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 347 source=c4 split=train =====
Whenever there is a challenge to handle, she immediately jumps to brainstorming solutions. She is very mindful of inclusiveness and takes great consideration for others’ position. She steps up when we need people to take on leadership or volunteer roles and is always rallying others to be more involved. She is a model of what ttrb represents both on the track and off.
Breaker is SO deserving of Rail Bird of the Month! Her dedication and commitment to this league as a skater, Travel Team skater, Captain, and Head of CPC certainly does not go unnoticed.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 348 source=c4 split=train =====
HNY Research projects that the Military Navigation market size will grow from  in 2017 to  by 2023, at an estimated CAGR of . The base year considered for the study is 2017, and the market size is projected from 2018 to 2023.
Increasing preference for the use of UAVs in modern warfare and rising demand for missiles and artillery systems due to geopolitical instabilities and changing nature of warfare are the key factors expected to drive the military navigation market during the forecast period. The market has been segmented based on platform, application, component, grade, and region.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 349 source=c4 split=train =====
Saints are moving over for agents.
Volition released a new trailer for its open-world action game, Agents of Mayhem. The developer also revealed that the Saints Row spinoff will come out August 15 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. Volition has sold more than 13 million copies of the games in the Saints Row series.
Agents of Mayhem has players switching between different characters with unique abilities in a near future version of Seoul.
The Saints Row games had a reputation for crude humor and over-the-top action. The last entry in the series, Saints Row IV, came out in 2013. Its Gat Out of Hell standalone expansion released in 2015, and it featured characters that are now starring in Agents of Mayhem.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 350 source=c4 split=train =====
Klobuchar: Mayo is ‘major intellectual force’ in health reform.
A hastily scheduled health-reform panel in Rochester drew members from both main political parties.
U.S. Sen. Amy Klobuchar requested the panel discussion, seeking health-reform suggestions from Mayo Clinic staff.
During opening remarks, she called the Mayo Clinic Health Policy Center, which has been advocating insurance coverage for all U.S. residents, "a major intellectual force" for health reform.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 351 source=c4 split=train =====
Are Brazil, Russia, India and China pushing global decarbonization?
How Coherent Was Brazil’s Public Opinion during the Administration of President João Goulart (1961-1964)?
Why did Brazil vote to brand Zionism a form of Racism?
Democracy promotion under Obama: how far is it from Bush’s imposition of democracy?
Why has Brazil been defensive in multilateral negotiations on trade in services?
How many world economic orders existed, from the late 19th century up to the WW II?
A paz (ainda) pela jurisdição compulsória?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 352 source=c4 split=train =====
For more than 40 years, Accenture has harnessed the power of SAP to revolutionize the future of business. It’s a partnership that’s creating faster, smarter, better connected enterprises across every industry—and it’s growing stronger every day, as we lead businesses into the New.
We’ve assembled a “dream team” of 47,000 global SAP experts at Accenture, who collaborate with the world’s leading organizations to reinvent themselves and enable their digital transformation with SAP. They’re transforming the way we work and live with the most exciting, leading-edge technology, combined with advanced SAP solutions, such as SAP S/4HANA, SAP Cloud Platform and SAP Leonardo.
Opportunities to solve complex business problems with far-reaching impact for the world’s leading companies.
Distinct SAP learning and training opportunities to accelerate skills in “New” SAP.
Access to the latest SAP solutions, as SAP’s leading business partner.
Award-winning innovation, with more awards than any other systems integrator.
Industrializing solutions at scale in global delivery centers.
Wherever our clients are in the SAP life cycle, from technical implementation to enterprise-wide transformational changes, our teams help deliver some of the highest-quality solutions. Through our unrivaled development opportunities and hands-on learning opportunities in our Liquid Studios, our people are sharpening the skills they need to grow their careers with SAP, today and in the future.
Find your fit with our SAP team today—and revolutionize the future of business.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 353 source=c4 split=train =====
Learn how to couple the behavioral analytics data with the usability testing data to form a clear 360 view of what is happening, why it's happening, and how to improve it for any website.
This session will teach you how to combine two typically separate sources of data (behavioral data and usability testing analysis) into a powerful single tool that helps you improve your website and increase conversion and ROI. The combination of the ‘what’ data of website activity, coupled with the ‘why’ data of usability testing, provides a complete 360 degree view into what’s causing poor performance, where your website can be optimized, and how it can be improved. This session is ideal for anyone who wants to combine the power of quantitative data with the insights provided by qualitative data to improve website results.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 354 source=c4 split=train =====
Patrick Meier and Justine Mackinnon from SBTF are interviewed in a recent programme aired on BBC Radio 4 and BBC World Service.
Dr Kat Arney meets the people trying to change the world one map at a time. These are volunteers who use their free time to map the world’s unmapped places and people.
She sees how being on a map affects people’s work, education and rights. And in extreme weather or after a natural disaster, she hears how mappers might help us to find the people who have fallen off the maps. She also hears from crisis mappers, people who source any information they can after tragedies to document what is happening on the ground as fast as possible.
This story starts in January 2010, when a huge earthquake hit the island nation of Haiti. Thousands of miles away, a group of American students heard about the damage, logged onto their laptops and started mapping any post-disaster information they could find online. Their aim was to help the rescue and relief services save as many lives as possible.
Four years on, international contingents of cartographers now deploy after every natural disaster, and in areas of political unrest and civil war. They scour the internet for cries for help on social media, then mark them on maps to try to get help to people who need it most.
There’s also a project making a continual effort to make the most accurate physical map of the globe. Contributing could mean joining a mapping party in London. Or cycling around rural Uganda with a GPS device.
Thousands of volunteers are now spending their spare time contributing to these efforts. Some of those who started it all have become internationally recognised in a new area of expertise. As volunteers assemble around the world, Dr Kat Arney asks how powerful these maps can be and also assesses the problems that come with them.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 355 source=c4 split=train =====
Tradition takes a back seat in Givenchy’s latest campaign. Photographed by Steven Meisel, the ads for the brand’s SS19 collection are breaking the boundaries of visual languages we usually connect with French heritage houses. So much so, there’s even a guy in a dress!
It all however started with Clare Waight Keller’s inspiration for the catwalk show – Annemarie Schwarzenbach, a Swiss writer and photographer who lived at the beginning of the century in a gender non-conforming way. At the time completely groundbreaking, Schwarzenbach’s incredible work as well as her striking looks both came through on the catwalk. The fine line between men’s and womenswear now continues with the campaign titled I Am Your Mirror. In addition to the imagery, Meisel also directed a video campaign capturing this dynamic between the Givenchy man and woman. The accessories definitely stand out – the key bag, the Jaw trainer as well as some pretty major jewellery pieces… The harmony of contrast is Givenchy’s greatest power. And it’s one we always love to revel in.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 356 source=c4 split=train =====
When you get lost for the first time as a child you experience momentary panic. At least I did, for others that panic might not be so momentary. But once you move on past the realization that you are not familiar with your surroundings or the people passing you by, a feeling of practicality sets in. Since you were very young your parents probably told you that if you get lost you should a) wait in the same spot until they find you, or b) find an adult that can help you reconnect with them.
“Lost” in Ottawa – admiring the deserted NAC on a Tuesday afternoon.
What we were never prepared for is what to do when we get lost as adults. I recently turned nineteen, this is my last year as a ‘teenager’ and I really do not know where the time went. It’s lost. Somewhere in my mind I can dredge up memories, faces, times and places – but they’re all blurred together, lost to the abyss of fallible reminiscence and recollection. Where is my childhood? Kept in plush toys that have long since been moved from their place of honour on my bed and photos on the wall that depict my antics throughout the years – they are time capsules.
They don’t ground me, though they do lend me a plateau to rest upon while I gather my courage to press on through the metaphorical mountain ranges, forests, and valleys of life.
Second year is currently in full swing with readings, extracurriculars, papers, and assignments already stacking up; I find myself lost in the sea of work. Do not misinterpret my words, I am not struggling; I am trying to wade through the large amount of knowledge, wisdom, and interpretation being thrown my way. I am lost in ideas.
In Plato, and his dialogues. In Beowulf, and his complex family history. In the Dead Sea Scrolls, in Canadian Literature, and in the glorious poetry of Yeats. I am swimming in a sea of educational opportunities and chances for personal growth. There is controversy and drama. There is feasting, fasting, and joy. There is friendship. There is family.
However, throughout all of this I am feeling lost. Fortunately, I do not perceive this as a problem. In fact, I relish it. It’s a freeing emotion.
I am lost because of the wealth I have access to – my professors and their knowledge, the College of Humanities, my fellow students, my sisters, my parents…the list is endless. I am lost in the ideas presented by the prominent Greek philosophers Plato and Aristotle. I am lost in the wilds of Denmark with heroes and monsters. I am lost in the communities of Canada and the most Northern reaches of Ireland.
I am here. I am not. I am present, but I am lost. I’m confused, yet I couldn’t be more content with my life.
*To be continued…maybe I’ll find my way by then.
Me on my first day of second year!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 357 source=c4 split=train =====
The Emissions Trading Scheme is at a crossroads. New legislation has been tabled to tackle the mounting oversupply of carbon allowances and a steeper trajectory has been proposed under the 2030 framework. But are these fixes enough to make Europe's flagship climate policy relevant again?
As policymakers consider these new changes to the EU carbon market, we examine how the last major set of changes to the ETS legislation fared in 2013, the first year they were implemented. We document where things have improved, where the new measures have proved inadequate, and explore further options for reform.
Please join us on Tuesday 14th October, at the Offices of the European Climate Foundation in Brussels, for a private in-depth discussion of the issues.
The report will then be launched in full at the Green Growth Summit at the European Parliament on Wednesday 15th October.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 358 source=c4 split=train =====
Tekcetera is a leading C7 licensed cabling contractor for low voltage systems with services including structured cabling, fiber optic systems, wireless transmission systems, VOIP, intercom & automation systems, video surveillance and more.
The integrity of your network is only as great as the cabling that delivers it and the hardware that protects it. When it's time to install, upgrade or revitalize your network, you need a premiere low voltage electrical contractor like Tekcetera to demonstrate what a true, quality installation will do to the vitality of your business.
• Already have Cat5e cable installed and want to upgrade to higher speeds?
• Relocating to a new office space and need your data and voice services moved along with your IT infrastructure?
• Need to have your existing or new office wired for data or voice?
Whether it's a simple installation of category five cabling (Cat 5e) cabling with a few wall jacks, or an entire structured fiber cabling job for a new building, Tekcetera will deliver the best products, practices, and services that you and your business can count on.
Why hire Tekcetera for your next network cable installation?
Hiring a licensed and bonded low voltage contractor in good standing with the State of California ensures that you are receiving the best quality workmanship. As a c7 licensed contractor, Tekcetera is the number one choice for structured cabling services. Our team of experienced technicians strives to exceed expectations and provide you with high quality products accompanied by cable installation services second to none.
Tekcetera is a leader in the structured cabling industry. Our vast experience in evaluating, planning, designing and implementing cable infrastructures is based on years of installation work for large enterprises such as SBC, AT&T and Verizon. We also specialize in business needs and cater to the general contracting business during construction and or rebuilds.
Send us an email at contractor@tekcetera.com to request a free consultation and experience the Tekcetera difference for yourself!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 359 source=c4 split=train =====
The internet has become a household necessity. The changing world in Miamisburg OH requires internet providers to offer faster and faster internet download and upload speeds. Gone are the days of dial-up service. Miamisburg OH internet providers must meet the demands of consumers. Streaming HD content is becoming more and more common in Miamisburg. Video requires the download of massive amounts of data. Wide screen HD TVs are one of the reasons internet providers in Miamisburg Ohio are scrambling to boost speeds.
There are 3 types of broadband Miamisburg internet providers. Typically satellite internet providers have been limited in their speeds. Satellite based broadband with speeds from 1-3Mbp has been typical (New technology has increased this to a top speed of triple that). Satellite is now offering blazing fast internet in Miamisburg of up to12mbps. The internet providers have evolved to keep up with the bandwidth demands from their Miamisburg OH internet customers.
Miamisburg OH phone based DSL broadband is typically the least expensive of all the broadband internet providers. Speeds range from 1.5Mbps to 6Mbps depending on the distance from the ISP. The price is right, however DSL has a somewhat limited service area. DSL broadband has to be within an 18,000ft radius of the internet service providers central office. Call for Miamisburg OH DSL internet availability.
DSL is an affordable answer for many home owners who are looking for an internet connection to their home. One draw back to DSL service is that it does require a telephone line service provider. In other words to Have DSL you need a Land-line Phone provider. But don’t despair, the phone service internet providers realize many people today only have cell phones and do not need a landline service too. So within the last couple of years the internet providers have begun offering DSL without landline Phone service. The DSL internet providers call this a DRY LOOP. At first this option was a little pricey but as the competition among the Miamisburg internet service providers has heated up recently, the prices have dropped. DSL can be a pretty neat alternative to Cable, as the price for internet service can be a little cheaper. If you do not have cable service at your home or use the internet where speeds of 1.5-6mbps are sufficient, then you can save a couple bucks and the internet service will be just fine.
Miamisburg cable internet service providers are in the middle as far as price range. Cable internet providers supply a vast part of our country with broadband internet. Cable usually is supplied to your home on a coaxial RG6 cable line from a nearby telephone pole. The readily available access to this form of broadband delivery gives your Miamisburg cable company a huge advantage in the cable service provider’s world.
Cable also boasts speeds as fast as 105 mbps. Although a bit pricey at these speeds, this wins cable, the holy cow that’s really fast award. Typical Ohio cable internet providers speeds subscribed to by the average homeowner are in the 6-20mbps. This is a great and affordable option for Miamisburg OH Internet to enjoy uploading and downloading large files and streaming a video with little or no buffering. Cable broadband internet providers have filled a new nitch in the market of OH. HD video streaming. A couple of years ago no one could have imagined the advances we have seen. What wonders will the cable internet providers achieve in the next couple of years. The internet and the data delivered to your home in Miamisburg by your cable internet providers is truly amazing.
What a world we live in today. Sounds like something out of a SIFI book. Miamisburg is streaming video to their HD LCD TVs with 5.1 surround. You’ve arrived home and video conferenced with some clients in Hong Kong. Grabbed a cold beverage and downloaded a couple of HD movies to watch later. Your buddy calls your Miamisburg home, and you answer on your VOIP sip phone. The wife is surfing the web to shop for a new laptop. Your smartphone rings and your off to the golf course. Perfect time to pull up that new GPS golf app on your smartphone. The internet and technology sure have changed things in a very short time. One thing you can count on, your internet providers in Miamisburg Ohio will be evolving with us.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 360 source=c4 split=train =====
Proudly poised in a beautiful tree lined street in one of the best locales, this solid free-standing family home is a true gem. Surrounded by Iron Cove Bay on the Parramatta River and the famous 'Bay Run', you are only 9km to the City of Sydney and a much sought after life-style choice. Bathed in northerly sunlight, this is an exceptional property situated in a very tightly held suburb and rarely available!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 361 source=c4 split=train =====
> Here's the patch for the implementation of the logic.
new in the 1.7 API.). Here's the correct patch.
Next message: Arwin Arni: "Re: [PATCH] Fix for Issue #3781 (Case Sensitive Authz)"
Previous message: Kevin Benton: "SlikSVN 1.6.5 Bug - Backslash in password causes auth failure on Windows 7"
Next in thread: Arwin Arni: "Re: [PATCH] Fix for Issue #3781 (Case Sensitive Authz)"
Reply: Arwin Arni: "Re: [PATCH] Fix for Issue #3781 (Case Sensitive Authz)"

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 362 source=c4 split=train =====
Louis Smith has won medals at three consecutive Olympic Games, claiming pommel bronze in 2008 to become the first British male gymnast to win an Olympic medal since Walter Tysall at London 1908.
Four years later, he won pommel silver and team bronze in London 2012.
After taking a break from the sport after London, Louis returned in 2014, winning team silver and pommel bronze at the Commonwealth Games, before adding European pommel gold and World team and pommel silver a year later.
He won a second Olympic pommel silver at Rio 2016, finishing second behind Max Whitlock.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 363 source=c4 split=train =====
Fold the glue tab and each side in on the vertical fold lines, then flatten.
Use a scissors and a ruler to cut halfway through the dotted lines (scoring).Shape the sides into a box, and glue the tab to the inside of the last side.Template for Making Gift Boxes, free Print Gift Box Template, sample Puzzle Gift Box Templates Free.Step 7: Close Box, fold the bottom flaps in and close the bottom lid over them.Dmca issues on this post, please contact us!All of Aunt Annie&apos;s project patterns are designed a1 restaurant furniture promo code to be printed on standard letter-size paper (8.5"x11" or A4).(or 2 2 2 inch).Use a quality paper for print, cut and fold it carefully to make the box.Wrap candy in tissue paper and stuff it into the box.
Large Gift Boxes, how to Make Gift Boxes, paper Gift Box Template.Step 4: Score, scoring the fold lines makes for easier folding and sharper creases.Fold it in half and tape the loose ends to a box corner.Other ideas for things to put in the box are small toys, happy messages, small cookies, jewelry, small soaps, or coins.Or, use a dryed-up ballpoint to create scores.If you want a nice pattern you can either: Print on the same sheet twice.Add treats and surprises to the boxes before you hang them on the tree.It does the math and all the drawing work for you.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 364 source=c4 split=train =====
We collect personal information in a number of ways, such as through our Site and by telephone. We may ask you to provide information including but not limited to your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, social security number, ESI-ID, government issued identification number, and credit card number, as well as facts about your energy use, home, age, gender, and family size. We use this information to provide service to you, send you marketing or promotional material (including emails), and invoice you for services provided. We also may combine your personal information with data supplied by third parties for these purposes.
We also collect certain other information when you visit the Site, and we may combine such information with personal information you provide us. This other information tells us such things as how many users visit our site and which pages they have chosen to access, and it also assists us with maintaining and designing a user friendly website for you to enjoy. We collect this information through “cookie” and “web-beacon” technology as explained below. This other information may include click-stream data, HTTP protocol elements, search terms, and HTTP cookies, for example. This data may be used for completion and support of the current activity, website and system administration, and research and development, for example. To assist customers with technical problems, we also may collect local Web configuration information, including browser type, operating system, and browser settings.
In addition, our web servers automatically collect information about your computer when you visit our Site. For instance, this information may include the type of browser software you use, the operating system you are running, the IP address assigned to your computer or Internet connection, your internet service provider (ISP), the referring and exit pages, and the date and time you used our site. We may combine such information with personal information you have previously provided, and we may use this information to assist customers with technical problems.
REVIEWING OR MODIFYING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: You may review or modify some of the personal information you have provided to us. Some account information, including without limitation the service address and the account holder name, may not be changed. If you need to correct or update your personal information provided to us, contact us toll-free at 866-340-8658.
PROTECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: We take reasonable efforts that are customarily used in our industry to maintain security and confidentiality by using various safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized disclosure or use of any personal information you provide on this Site. We allow only authorized individuals to access your personal information, and we destroy personal information that we decide not to retain. Agents, contractors or partners of Volt Electricity who have access to your personal information in connection with providing services for Volt Electricity are required to keep the information confidential and are not permitted to use such personal information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Volt Electricity. Even though we maintain a secure Site, we strongly encourage you to keep your user ID, password, and other sensitive personal information confidential. Contact us immediately if your information has become compromised.
We also use a software technology called Web Beacons to help us better manage content on our Site by informing us what content is effective. Web Beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. Unlike cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are clear gifs that are embedded invisibly on Web pages.
VOLT ELECTRICITY ADVERTISEMENTS: We may send out e-mails informing customers of offers related to a product or service provided by Volt Electricity. Individuals who do not wish to receive Volt Electricity promotional e-mails on products and services may contact Volt Electricity at unsubscribe@voltep.com. Customers may not unsubscribe to mailings that are considered an essential service or required communication.
CHILDREN ARE FORBIDDEN FROM USING VOLT ELECTRICITY SITE: Our Site is intended to be used by adults only, and it is not directed towards children under the age of eighteen. If you are under eighteen, you are not eligible to use the Volt Electricity Site. If you believe that we have collected personal information from children under the age of eighteen, please notify us immediately so that we may take steps to eliminate such information.
“PHISHING”: We may send you e-mails from time to time for various reasons. Also, we may from time to time call the phone number associated with your account. We will not send you an e-mail asking you to reply by sending personal or account information, or threatening to disconnect or close your account unless you provide personal or account information. If you receive such an email it may be an attempted identity theft that is commonly called “phishing” and it may include one or more links to some third-party website disguised to look like our Site. For more information about “phishing,” please visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website at www.ftc.gov.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 365 source=c4 split=train =====
BASEBALL UC Irvine 4, Long Beach State 2 LONG BEACH — Senior Eric Pettis threw a complete game to lead the Anteaters to a series sweep of the host 49ers in Big West Conference play Sunday at Blair Field.
Pettis, who did not allow an earned run, improved to 9-3 as UCI (37-19, 17-7 in conference) completed its regular season by notching its seventh straight win over the Dirtbags.
Sophomore outfielder Jordan Fox went two for five with two runs batted in for the winners, who were bolstered by two hits from senior first baseman Jeff Cusick and sophomore catcher Ronnie Shaeffer.
Pettis, who tossed his second consecutive complete game, allowed nine hits, walked one and struck out six. He threw 111 pitches.
It was the 11th straight conference loss for Long Beach State (23-32, 7-17), which finishes last in the Big West.
It was the final game for 49ers Coach Mike Weathers, who retires after nine seasons at the helm.
SAILING Team national championship MADISON, Wis. — Junior skipper Michael Menninger, a Newport Beach resident, helped St. Mary's College of Maryland win the Intercollegiate Sailing Assn. team race championship, completed Monday on Lake Mendota.
Menninger, a skipper of three two-person boats that all contributed to their school's fifth national title, helped St. Mary's edge Boston College by virtue of a tiebreaker.
Boston College edged St. Mary's on a tiebreaker at last year's event.
Menninger helped St. Mary's go 6-0 in group competition, before advancing to the elite eight, then the final four. Four finalists vie for the title in a head-to-head, round-robin format.
Menninger teamed with crew Kelly Wilbur.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 366 source=c4 split=train =====
Provide a solution to the requirements of a Koi pond filtration system without the intricate filter system being seen. Encompassed within the design of the hardwood deck is a remotely controlled hydraulic section which exposes a cellar area underneath, this area contains two large Nexus and UV filters. The filter system allows 70,000 litres of water per hour to be treated to a suitable quality level to sustain Koi carp. All the services to the celler ie water, electricity and the hydraulic pump have been stored in a nearby garage and fed through an underground pipesystem.
An additional area surrounding two sides of the deck has a lined bog area for the propergation of yellow Iris. This area is fed water by the same pump that operates the fountain, again has been remotely operated along with an under water lighting system which allows the specimen Koi to be viewed at night.
We will be more than happy to assist you if you have any questions regarding our garden landscaping service.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 367 source=c4 split=train =====
Efficiency improvement, the purpose of which is to reverse the trend of a rising unit cost of production, is the key area of KGHM’s business strategy. Since 2012 the Company has recorded an average annual cost decrease of approximately two percent (i.e. the aggregate cost of electrolytic copper production after deduction of the minerals extraction tax in KGHM Polska Miedź S.A.), while the desire to reduce production costs is still a huge challenge for KGHM. Major initiatives aimed at enhancement of copper manufacturing cost efficiency include primarily projects, research papers and the implementation of projects involving innovative technological solutions as well as actions aimed at the optimization of core business manufacturing processes.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 368 source=c4 split=train =====
COURT WON'T STOP FEDS FORCING WORK WITHOUT PAY. FEDS LISTENED.
On January 15, 2019 a federal judge refused to stop the Federal Government from making federal workers work without a paycheck. The ruling came on a request for a temporary injunction so it is not the best precedent for anything, but still the Feds listened.
Later the same day the current Federal Government mandated thousands of federal workers to return to work without pay. Why? To soften the political effects for their decision to shut down the Federal Government.
Mr. Dooley famously said that the supreme court pays attention to the election returns. Now we have a Federal Government that runs only when media reports are favorable to them.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 369 source=c4 split=train =====
One of the most important things I heard last year was, “People don’t want to be led by leaders. They want to be led by people.” Having spent the past five years of my Singaporean education in the hallowed and (some say) idealised Raffles system, this saying hit me with a great deal of force. After all, we students, too, frequently question the rather aspirational school mission of moulding ‘Thinkers, Leaders, Pioneers’. What does leadership entail? Why are Rafflesians alone taught to believe that they are entitled to lead, and others, to follow? Can leadership be taught in the first place?
Us at our training camp in preparation for the ALPs hike!
As a Y5 sizing up the myriad enrichment programmes and other opportunities for personal development up for offer, these are undoubtedly some of the worthy questions on your mind. The Leaders for a Better Age (LBA) enrichment programme is better at raising questions than at providing answers, but as LBA teacher-in-charge Mr Kuak Nam Jin told me, if there’s one thing the programme tries to do, it’s to catalyse the development of self-awareness – understanding one’s strengths, weaknesses and preferences in various situations. Only when you are comfortable with who you are, can you venture outside yourself to help others.
The programme, now entering its third year of implementation, is structured to facilitate this personal understanding and self-improvement. Each batch of eligible applicants (possessing any prior leadership experience) is whittled down to a team of 20, give or take. You are then catapulted into the packed LBA calendar, which comprises activities and projects aimed at inculcating reflection and self-awareness, personal effectiveness, and ethical leadership. Be prepared for Monday mornings dedicated to journaling and introspection along the MacRitchie reservoir, presentations by eminent guest speakers who are leaders in their own varied ways, and weekend hikes at Bukit Timah Nature Reserve.
In term 3, you’ll also be given the chance to plan and execute a small-scale service learning project. My batch was involved in the Home Improvement Project (HIP) in the Sin Ming area, where we worked with families living in one-room flats to refurbish their homes. The experience was deeply humbling for all of us, and taught us the importance of knowing our beneficiaries’ needs when shaping our vision and determining the changes we wanted to see. It was also a chance to develop our organisational skills, and ultimately showed us the importance of leadership with a social responsibility.
All this culminates in the highly-anticipated year-end hike, which involves a nine-day trek across the beautiful Australian Alpine National Park to reach the summit of Mount Bogong. Out there, it really is just you, your backpack, your tent, and your teammates. Your days are spent walking up to 15km carrying 20kg backpacks loaded with food, equipment and clothes, and evenings are when you pitch your tents, send people out to collect water from the nearest water source, cook a hearty dinner, and mend your injuries. If you’re alarmed by how physically daunting it sounds, be assured that my batchmates, though of varying physical aptitude, all pulled through just fine.
Besides which, you’ll find that mental strength counts for much more than physical fitness in the great outdoors. Rukmini Roy, who plays centre for Raffles Netball, observed while we were in Australia, “Hiking requires a different kind of fitness, and being a sportsperson doesn’t mean you’ll have an easy time.” Even the fittest sports-person might not be prepared for extreme weather conditions. My teammates were caught in an unexpected hailstorm on the fifth day of our hike and had to flee to the nearest hut, leaving all but our most valuable possessions behind. But such times of adversity also created fond moments for us, and through the smallest of gestures – a glove lent to a friend in subzero weather, taking over washup duty from an exhausted teammate, a word of encouragement – our team grew stronger as the hike progressed. As student councillor Bernard Boey said during one of our hikes, ‘May we learn to find joy in adversity!’ Nobody is immune to injury, and we safely completed our journey only with our strong teamwork, concern, sacrifice and fortifying resilience.
In deciding whether to take up LBA as your enrichment programme, I’d like to borrow the words of Photographic Society chairperson Gabrielle Jeyaseelan: instead of thinking about what LBA can offer you, you should think about how much you’re willing to give and invest. This attitude holds true for all other enrichment programmes or, for that matter, opportunities you apply for in RI. After all, LBA isn’t a subject with a fixed curriculum, nor are there particular learning objectives to take away. If you’re hoping to get out of your comfort zone, build lasting relationships and reevaluate your concept of being a leader and (more importantly) a person, LBA may be just the thing you’re looking for.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 370 source=c4 split=train =====
The handicraft of making silk flowers is an ancient art originated in China's Tang Dynasty more than 1300 years ago.
In the beginning it was a luxury item for royalties and aristocrats, but gradually disseminated to the general public where ethnic, cultural, custom, religious, regional,and artistic differences all played a role in the evolution and development of style, design, and assembling methods of these artificial flowers.
In 1859, two brothers started a handicraft workshop, naming it Kingtei. Their silk flowers were so exquisite they became a favorite of the royalties.
At their peak, all their products were taken up by the court. For many decades that followed, the family business flourished and expanded, while the fame of their art spread far and wide.
Wars and economic turmoil inflicted a heavy toll on Kingteis business as consumer-spending dried up. Kingtei was forced into suspending their business.
China's economic recovery in the 1980's gave the present generation of Kingtei the chance of restarting their ancestor's business. With the cooperative effort of dozens of workers and artisans, Kingtei is regaining its market share and exporting its products to countries such as Singapore, Japan, India, Russia, the United States and the United Kingdom.
May first suggestion cleaning silk flowers is the old way. Sponge and water with a little soap. Start from one petal/leaf because you want to make sure that the color will not run. Usually it does not, even though I encountered a few that did.
When dealing with cleaning medium to large artificial trees with thousands of leaves, requires a little more time. My experience is that artificial flowers are often overlooked because supposedly they do not need care. Well I can tell you they love a "bath" once in a while.
The new way to clean silk flower is a special cleaner in a spray can which I have used often and sell to my clients. It is especially formulated for cleaning artificial flowers and create some "protective" layer not to attract to much dust.
Cleaning real flowers, dried or preserved,is different. I suggest a blow drier first. Preserved roses will run the color if you water them. Find a local florist who can give you further advice.
SILK: Referred to artificially created botanical products to resemble real fresh flowers. Very few are actually silk.
PAPER: I have seen beautiful paper flowers from Thailand.
LATEX: The latest innovation is flowers made from molds. The most realistic to fresh ones.
DRIED: Referred to natural flowers dried simply hanging them up or with special dehydration chambers. (flowers shrink 50%).
By the way, I experimented with cat litter products and the microwave. I destroyed more then successfully dried. Let's say I fried a lot of flowers.
DO SILK FLOWERS LAST FOR EVER?
Potentially, Yes! Realistically, they go through an aging process and they will not look as good as the first day.
We do replace constantly silk flower arrangements which are a few years old.
Flower Styles and colors change with the time, and chance is that you will want something new to look at.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 371 source=c4 split=train =====
The pound has made a steady but unspectacular start to the new week, edging higher against most of its major peers but with the largest gain only 0.2% against the Australian dollar. It’s a similar story for equities, with the FTSE 100 higher by single-digits and remaining well supported not far from year-to-date highs.
Employment figures due out 9:30 Tuesday morning are the first of three significant data points from the UK in as many days, with the latest CPI inflation figures following on before retail sales rounds off the trio on Thursday. While some positive UK data would no doubt be warmly welcomed, even if these releases top expectations the chances of an interest rate hike from the Bank of England this year remain remote. Mining stocks on the FTSE will no doubt be sensitive to the most recent batch of Chinese data, with GDP, industrial production and retail sales all due out overnight on Tuesday.
These products may not be suitable for all investors and you should seek independent advice if necessary.
With House of Commons in recess for the Easter break, the coming week is unlikely to be dominated by Brexit (thankfully) to the same extent as weeks gone by, with the focus for the UK markets shifting to a series of economic releases. The pound has made a steady but unspectacular start to the new week, edging higher against most of its major peers but with the largest gain only 0.2% against the Australian dollar. It’s a similar story for equities, with the FTSE 100 higher by single-digits and remaining well supported not far from year-to-date highs.
Employment figures due out 9:30 Tuesday morning are the first of three significant data points from the UK in as many days, with the latest CPI inflation figures following on before retail sales rounds off the trio on Thursday. While some positive UK data would no doubt be warmly welcomed, even if these releases top expectations the chances of an interest rate hike from the Bank of England this year remain remote. With Brexit uncertainty likely to remain for the foreseeable future and a clear dovish shift seen from both the ECB and Fed of late, it is hard to envisage Governor Carney going out on a whim and hiking anytime soon.
Mining stocks on the FTSE will no doubt be sensitive to the most recent batch of Chinese data, with GDP, industrial production and retail sales all due out overnight on Tuesday. There’s a feeling that the Chinese economy has bounced back in recent months, aided no doubt by a surge in credit, and investors will be hoping for some confirmation of this from hard data out at 3AM Wednesday morning.
There’s mounting speculation that Jet Airways could be the next airline to go under after reports the firm are flying just 7 planes as it seeks a solution to its growing debt problem. The decision to ground around 80% of its fleet has been exacerbated by pilots striking and means that thousands of passengers have been left stranded as the search continues for investors to buy 75% of the company. The airline has been struggling to survive for a while now, with pilots reported not paid for 3 ½ months and talks with Etihad Airways, who bought a 24% stake in Jet just over 5 years ago, have failed to yield a breakthrough.
Is Daily Mail and General Trust plc's (LON:DMGT) ROE Of 41% Impressive?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 372 source=c4 split=train =====
I don't know about you, but I find Adobe's official issue tracker really cumbersome and hard to use.
* It's hard to search through its tickets. As a result, equivalent bugs often get reported repeatedly, and they don't get the attention they deserve.
* It's hard to start a constructive discussion in its comment system.
* Its email notification system provides too little control (and spams our inboxes).
* Text and source code are often hard to read, due to a lack of Markdown and syntax highlighting.
The number of AIR bugs that people are fighting against, on the other hand, is not getting smaller — I remember lots of problems recently, especially concerning specific Android devices.
That way, we can take this into our own hands!
Of course, this new issue tracker can't replace the official one — but it can help us collect AIR bugs in an efficient and flexible manner.
I think this can really help us combine our voices and make ourselves heard. If the Starling community regards an issue as a deal breaker, Adobe will listen to us!
However, this will only work if the new issue tracker is really used.
Please: from now on, report any new issues to this tracker, and spread the word about it!
The README file contains all the important information.
Furthermore, let me know what you think about this! I'm interested in your thoughts and suggestions. How can we make this work?!
In any case: what do you think of this? Any comments?
Great idea, I'm never sure what version of AIR to use anymore and have consequently stayed on AIR 19 for a very long time.
This is a great idea Daniel, thanks a lot!
It's so sad that so big company cant handle real issue tracker and maintain reported bugs.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 373 source=c4 split=train =====
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. 1st Grade Math Worksheets Addition and Subtraction Grade E Math Worksheet – Math Worksheets can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 374 source=c4 split=train =====
Ensure the geological and reservoir objectives of the well are met while assuring the highest standards of engineering integrity, safety, and environmental protection are applied to the well design and execution.
Prepare designs and well plans representing the optimal costs and investments for the wells.
Provide review and support to Drill team designs and operations described in the Main Functions above, as well as evaluate and progress new technology. Could include subsea technology.
Facilitate the preparation and monitor capital budgets relating to completions and well design.
Interact daily with completion foreman, drilling leadership, etc.
Work in conjunction with safety, environmental and field operations personnel to optimize safety performance.
Broad and extensive knowledge of completions design, equipment, operations, standards and specifications. This could include subsea systems technology.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 375 source=c4 split=train =====
Looking for a spin on the classic macaroni and cheese? This baked pasta dish is sure to have your family and guests salivating at the dinner table! Ready in just about an hour, this easy recipe by Wolfgang Puck is perfect for any day of the week. Prepare your tastebuds for this flavorful macaroni that’s seasoned with bay leaves and coated with two different types of cheese. It’s time to get cooking!
Preheat the oven to 375°F. Butter the bottom of a 3- to 4-quart square baking dish.
In a 4-quart saucepan over medium heat, melt the 6 tablespoons butter.
Stir in the flour and cook, stirring, until blended (about 1 minute).
Add the bay leaf and slowly whisk in the milk until smooth. Simmer, whisking occasionally, until the mixture is thickened (14 to 16 minutes).
Whisk in the crème fraîche and the 1 1/2 tsp. fleur de sel, and bring to a simmer.
Remove from the heat and stir in 1 1/4 cups each of the mozzarella and cheddar.
Season with fleur de sel and white pepper.
In a large bowl, combine the pasta and cheese sauce, and stir in 2 cups of the mozzarella.
Sprinkle with the remaining 1/2 cup mozzarella and cheddar, and then with the bread crumbs.
Bake until the breadcrumbs are golden and the cheese is bubbly (about 30 minutes).

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 376 source=c4 split=train =====
At hide.me, we are continuously searching for best-suited locations where we can deploy our VPN servers to provide greater accessibility and security to our subscribers. This time it’s Valencia, Spain. Our new server in Valencia, Spain will offer users the opportunity to browse the internet with convenience. Spain is among fewer European countries with less internet restrictions. So, enjoy the internet like never before with complete online security, accessibility and privacy.
Spain is the 29th country added to our VPN network. Now, our users can access freedom across 117 locations in 29 countries.
Among a lot of other reasons, the biggest one is Spanish expats living thousands of miles away from home country. We have a huge customer base of Spanish expats living in the Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific. Most of them demanded to add Spain as one of our global VPN locations so they can easily get a Spanish IP to access online home channels safely.
Isn’t it irritating when your home team is playing in FIFA, and you cannot cheer for them while watching the match just because you can’t understand what the commentator is saying? Watch your favorite team scoring the goals and scream out-load while watching the game in the Spanish language no matter if you are in Africa or the Middle East with our Spanish VPN.
Another reason of adding Spain to our global VPN location list is the unrestricted internet. The internet laws in Spain are not restricted as in many other countries in Europe. There are no proven government surveillance or mass data-retention laws applied in Spain.
So, all our paid users can enjoy our new servers in Spain and access Spanish content safely. ENJOY!!!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 377 source=c4 split=train =====
Ryouma’s face was distorted while he groaned in pain.
He only muttered in a small voice. However, the fact that Ryouma, who usually hid how he felt, was showing a pained expression, indicated just how much pain he was currently enduring.
At first, he only felt a warm feeling from where the sisters touched him, but the warmth was suddenly switched into intense heat.
Ryouma desperately withstood the pain while trying not to jump from his position.
Because he bit his lips too hard while enduring the agony he felt, a taste of blood began to spread within his mouth.
Following Sara’s words, Ryouma tried to heighten his consciousness.
The Prana poured by the sisters began to encroach Ryouma’s body little by little.
Five minutes had passed. Ryouma now felt as if he was burning from head to toe.
Due to his sweat, his clothes and even the blanket he had laid down on were soaking wet.
The sisters began to show a pained expression.
The reason for that was because, as long as Ryouma was unable to control the energy that had been awakened inside his body, the sisters had to continue pouring more into him.
Such an act was just like pouring water into a bucket with a huge hole in it.
The question now was whether the sisters would exhaust their Prana first, or if Ryouma would be able to control the Prana within his body first.
The moment he opened his mouth, a drop of sweat fell down from the tip of his nose.
At the moment, due to massive perspiration, Ryouma’s body was in dire need of water.
Despite having trained his body thoroughly for a long time, he had never felt so badly cornered before. However, he couldn’t unreservedly stop and withdraw here.
If he were to stop now, he would need the sisters to pour their Prana again tomorrow.
The basics of magic arts were to strengthen one’s body.
After being able to feel the existence of Prana and use it for martial arts; the second stage was to then learn the magic arts that required chanting; and the last stage would be learning how to use magic arts to endow magic on things.
After all, the way to use chanting magic arts or to enchant something was a little bit different.
Being able to control the life energy inside one’s body, did not mean that one could control the life energy released outside of the body.
Like this, in order for him to master the first stage, he needed to accomplish three things.
1. Being able to feel and recognize Prana inside his body.
2. Being able to awaken his Muladhara(root) chakra with his Prana.
3. Then being able to stop the rotation of Muladhara chakra by his own will.
Being able to use magic arts, meant being able to awaken the chakras inside one’s body.
By rotating the chakra wheel, a person would be able to exert more power from their body. And the more chakra rings awakened, the more power that person would get.
Within the human body, there are 7 chakra wheels. And right now, Ryouma was trying to awaken and rotate the chakra wheel called Muladhara(root) by borrowing the sisters’ life force.
Something that was sleeping inside his body began to awake thanks to the twins’ triggering it by pouring their own Prana.
Ryouma desperately tried to control the life force that was currently moving violently inside his body. It felt like trying to control a beast.
Then the sisters sensed some kind of resistance while pouring their Prana into Ryouma’s body. The moment they felt that, the sisters immediately took off their hands from Ryouma’s body.
Ryouma answered Sara who was feeling worried.
Right now, Ryouma’s Muladhara chakra was rotating violently due to the injection of energy.
If Ryouma had relaxed his body and stopped being careful he might have actually jumped towards the sisters like a hungry beast.
The desire for battles, the desire to harm people, the desire to kill people.
Such desires were overflowing within Ryouma’s mind and heart.
Normally desire was something that was always being connected with something called reason.
However, Ryouma’s body wasn’t listening to him and began to retaliate.
His muscles started to move involuntarily, and his heart started beating faster. The sensation he experienced at that time was as if all of his senses had been awakened.
After looking at Ryouma’s condition for a bit, the Marfisto sisters nodded towards each other and then left the tent. Because there was nothing they could do other than waiting for now.
Lione then told the sisters how the training for the children had gone and that it had finished successfully for today.
Today’s training ended after they taught the 320 children the basics of knowledge about magic arts and pouring Prana into all of the children’s bodies.
However, the person Lione wanted to report to had not yet finished his own training.
Knowing that, Lione then nodded towards the sisters.
Looking at the position of the sun, they could tell it was already past three o’clock.
Hearing Sara’s words, Lione showed a surprised expression.
An uneasy expression appeared on Laura’s face.
Lione also began to frown.
They both were concerned about the same thing.
Although the learning method was the same, the prerequisites for the training were very different between Ryouma and the children.
Not to mention the total life force the individual had previously absorbed.
The amount of Prana within the children’s bodies that had no experience of taking the lives of other people or creatures was the amount that was originally already inside of their bodies.
On the other hand, Ryouma had killed a lot of human beings and many monsters. As a result of this, he had been absorbing part of his victims’ life force, and therefore the amount of Prana within his body was nearly twice as much as that of an ordinary man.
Commonly, it would be considered that the more energy one had the better. However, for someone who had just begun to learn how to control it, this was not necessarily the case, since too much of it could become disadvantageous at this point.
In other words, it had now become more difficult for him to control his Prana.
That was the general knowledge that everyone knew. They had also advised Ryouma about it, but he chose to dismiss their misgivings.
The reason for that, was because no one could guarantee that Ryouma’s chakra wheel would naturally awaken.
Lione looked at the two sisters with a gentle gaze.
Hearing the two sisters’ response, Lione laughed out loudly.
Indeed, Lione did not show any fatigue at all.
That was also a proof that Ryouma’s life force was enormous compared to the children’s.
A sound as if something falling could be heard from within the tent.
The three of them immediately rushed into the tent.
In front of them, Ryouma was laying face down.
His pulse was normal. Judging that he had lost his consciousness due to dehydration and fatigue, Lione immediately ordered the sisters to set things up for him.
Even though they were exhausted, the sisters immediately got going.
After Lione judged that there was no danger to Ryouma’s life, she uttered such words in a low voice.
Lione herself understood that they did not have much time.
It was fine for Ryouma to be unable to use magic arts since the others could just back him up. There was no need for him to work this hard.
But despite wanting to chide Ryouma for his impatience, Lione was actually feeling happy inside.
Ryouma who was their leader worked hard to learn how to use magic arts.
That meant that he was trying to step onto the same stage as Lione and the others. Ready to soak his hands with blood, both his own and his enemies’.
Although Lione had only known Ryouma for a short while, she already understood his personality.
Looking at him in his current state, it showed just how much Ryouma was preparing to face what was to come.
The fate of the mercenaries would often be to end up being betrayed by their clients or getting killed on the battlefield. Either way, mercenaries were people without bright prospects.
Only a few mercenaries managed to live long enough to meet their grandchildren.
That was why they were mostly not afraid of death. This did not mean that they liked dying in vain, either.
If it was unavoidable, they would at least want to find a good place to die.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 378 source=c4 split=train =====
We learn how to Refresh, Refuel, and Recharge as we follow two impactful and inspiring individuals on the journey of wellness.
"As a competitive athlete, your focus is just to be the best, but now that I’ve stopped running competitively, running for causes helps me to focus not just on myself, and to contribute to something greater."
"Often, we’re so busy with our lives that we forget to tell the people around us how important they are, be it a friend, a spouse, or a family member."
Turn up the volume, and Refresh, Refuel, and Recharge—this ASMR video marks the start of our #JourneyWellWithOasia campaign.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 379 source=c4 split=train =====
You can trust in Mold Treatment Guys to provide the best quality products and services regarding Mold Treatment in Martinsburg, NY. We have got a team of competent experts and the most resourceful technology in the market to offer just what you might need. We will use professional quality supplies and budget friendly strategies to make sure that you have the most impressive products and services for the best value. We're going to assist you to make decisions for the work, address the questions you have, and schedule an appointment with our experts when you give us a call at 800-569-5380.
At Mold Treatment Guys, we realize that you want to keep in budget and save cash everywhere you can. Still you want professional quality results for Mold Treatment in Martinsburg, NY, and you're able to have confidence in our staff to help you save money while continually providing the very best quality results. You can expect the best quality even while helping you save money. Our plan is to ensure that you receive the highest quality supplies and a job that holds up as time passes. For instance, we are mindful to keep clear of costly mistakes, work efficiently to help save hours, and be sure you get the top prices on materials and labor. Save time and resources by simply getting in touch with Mold Treatment Guys right now. You will reach our business at 800-569-5380 to start.
When you're thinking of Mold Treatment in Martinsburg, NY, you should be kept informed to make the best choices. You shouldn't go in without understanding it, and you want to be aware of what to anticipate. You will not face any kind of unexpected surprises when you do business with Mold Treatment Guys. Start by calling 800-569-5380 to talk about your project. We will answer your questions and arrange your initial appointment. Our team will show up at the arranged time with all the necessary equipment, and will work with you all through the job.
Lots of good reasons can be found to consider Mold Treatment Guys regarding Mold Treatment in Martinsburg, NY. We will be the most suitable choice when you need the best money saving options, the finest equipment, and the best rank of customer satisfaction. We're ready to serve you with the greatest expertise and experience in the industry. Call 800-569-5380 to reach Mold Treatment Guys and examine all your expectations about Mold Treatment in Martinsburg.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 380 source=c4 split=train =====
them to scan various /8 networks for other vulnerable mysql servers.
'mysql'. The 'mysql' database is typically used to store administrative information like passwords, and is part of every mysql install. The only field in this database is a BLOB named 'line'.
Once the table is created, the executable is written into the table using an insert statement. Then, the content of is written to a file called 'app_result.dll' using 'select * from bla into dumpfile "app_result.dll"'. The 'bla' table is dropped once the file is created.
In order to execute the 'app_result.dll', the bot creates a mysql function called 'app_result' which uses the 'app_result.dll' file saved earlier. This function is executed, and as a result the bot is loaded and run.
The bot will connect to the IRC server on port 5002 or 5003. At this point, the IRC servers appear busy and unable to accept new connections. Note that dynamic DNS services are used. The IP addresses will likely change. Last time we where able to connect, about 8,500 hosts where connected to the IRC server.
The bot will connect to a channel called '#rampenstampen' using the key 'gratisporn'. The topic of the channel is set to '!adv.start mysql 80 10 0 132.x.x.x -a -r -s'. This will instruct the bot to scan random ips in '132.0.0.0/8' for mysql server. Throughout our observation, the topic was changed regularly. To be scanned networks included 10.0.0.0/8, likely an attempt to infect other mysql servers within a local network that is otherwise protected by a firewall.
So far, the bot has been identified as a version of 'Wootbot'. It appears to include the usual set of bot features like a DDOS engine, various scanners, commands to solicit information from infected systems (e.g. system stats, software registration keys and such). The bot provides an FTP server, and a backdoors (details later. Appears to be listening on port 2301/tcp and 2304/tcp, maybe other ports).
Strong Password: Select a strong password, in particular for the 'root' account.
Restricted root account: Connections for any account can be limited to certain hosts in MySQL. This is in particular important for 'root'. If possible, 'root' should only be allowed to connect from the local host. MySQL will also allow you to force connections to use mysql's own SSL connection option.
Apply firewall rules: MySQL servers should not be exposed to the "wild outside". Block port 3306 and only allow access from selected hosts that require such access. Again, the use of ssh forwarding or SSL is highly recommended.
The port 3306 scanning should be quite obvious. If an infected host is not able to connect to the IRC server, you will still see port 5002 and 5003 connection attempts to the hosts shown above. If you have query logging configured on your DNS server, you will see lookups for the hostnames shown above. Note that the IPs will likely change over time.
Thanks to Evan for providing the sample of Spoolcll.exe (md5sum 18d3fe6ebabc4bed7008a9d3cb3713b9), our malware list, in particular Joe Stewart of LURHQ ( http://www.lurhq.com ), our handlers, and the members of the Whirlpool forum ( http://forums.whirlpool.net.au/forum-replies.cfm?t=291921 ).

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 381 source=c4 split=train =====
When someone writes for search engines, they predetermine their keywords, analyze their keyword density, and write out phrases exactly as they’d be searched for. These posts will have a great formula to rank well, but rarely will humans find them valuable enough to give backlinks or shares. They tend to be textbooky and (yawn) boorrrring.
Knowing that humans will be reading these posts, some bloggers will structure their content around linking to services, encouraging e-mail list sign ups, and pushing their calls-to-action.
These come across very dry and informational. Kinda like sales letters. How many times do you jump for joy when reading a sales letter? That’s if you even stick around long enough to read the whole thing!
I see this one usually from the small business owner who writes well, but knows nothing about internet marketing. They’ll set up their posts with great care and structure their content like it’s going to be judged for a Pulitzer. However, if Search Engines don’t rank it well no one’s going to find it, and if you aren’t motivating your readers to action all you get out of it is maybe an appreciative reader.
Depending on your business and the kind of blogging you’re doing, especially copy writers and creatives, that may be acceptable and even viable, but for most businesses it’s mostly a waste of a good opportunity.
Now that we know the Big Three, how can we pull them all together so they rank well, convert, and aren’t as boring as listening to your great uncle ramble on about the good ole days?
First, think what would your audience find interesting. Before what keywords you want to rank for, think about the human interest factor. What’s interesting to my readers? Now, think about how you can point that interest to how you stay in business (aka “sell stuff”). Finally, when you’re writing think about keywords, then go back and re-read the post and change a few words and phrases to contain the keywords and keyword phrases you want to rank for.
Thinking of human interest first and human conversions a close second, you’re taking a more effective (and opposite) approach than most do. You can always read through your post title and content and add in a search engine keyword phrase throughout your content (like I just did right there), but it won’t be as dry and boring as a grade school textbook.
So think about how to write great content with your own unique voice, but also how are you going to drive readers to contact you, and what keywords you will be targeting in your content. Happy Writing!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 382 source=c4 split=train =====
For a different pace, I’m just posting a few random pictures today, along with a little caption. Enjoy!
Eating healthfully… A yummy, albeit weird, breakfast.
Chicken, onions and garlic on lettuce leaves accompanied by lemon water.
A few days ago we had a very beautiful snow.
Have I mentioned that I own a tipi? Yesterday we built a fire in it.
I don’t know if you can tell, but it spells ‘Noveltea’.
I had to stand up on a hay wagon to get that much of the word in.
Kids… I can’t even tell you how hard it is to get a non-blurry picture of the frisky little things.
For the first several days of their lives we feed them by bottle, then they’re moved to bucket feedings.
The baby goats are so cute! I remember when we had goats…..then we moved, now we are hoping to get a cow some time soon! That is so nice that it is still snowing where y'all live! Our snow is gone and it is beginning to warm up…..which is nice as well. Have a great day!
How fun! I drink lemon water all the time – tis good. I put liquid Stevia in it, though.
Kids! They are the cutest, sweetest things ever! I could just stare at the picture 😀 Loving the snowy pictures too 🙂 I've had lemon water before…I'm still undecided on it.
Ah really nice pictures. The second one is really beautiful!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 383 source=c4 split=train =====
Since man cannot live by theme park food alone, I am always on the lookout for good places to eat nearby and I hit the jackpot just a short drive from Tampa’s Busch Gardens Africa.
I consider myself quite the Indian food aficionado, and Cilantro is a superb Indian restaurant. Every dish I’ve sampled here has been a cut above the run of the mill Indian fare we tend to get used to in this country.
I have yet to come across a me-too recipe and the flavors are intense and complex. They will vary the spiciness to your taste and I find the “medium” setting to be just fine. Especially good are the chicken sag, navratan korma, and lamb rogan josh. The garlic nan is terrific as well.
Cilantro doesn’t automatically serve rice, so expect to order it separately, although if you are used to rice with your Indian food, I’d suggest trying it without for a change of pace. I found I didn’t miss it. When I did order lemon rice or vegetable biryani, I found them to be excellent.
There are some great Indian beers, including the Hayward 5000 in a 21-ounce bottle. There’s also a wine list, which I haven’t sampled.
They also have a lunch buffet for around $12. It’s not as good as the evening meals, but then these things never are.
They say the web site is www.cilantrojax.com, but it didn’t work when I tried it, hence no link.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 384 source=c4 split=train =====
Admitted to bar, 1995, Colorado and 1994: California. Education: Pomona College, Claremont, California (B.A. History, 1989); University of California, Hastings College of the Law (J.D., 1994). Staff Editor, Hastings Constitutional Law Quarterly, 1993-1994; Law clerk for Denver District Court Judge Larry Naves, 1996. Assistant Attorney General, State of Colorado, 1999-2001. Professional mediation certificate, University of Colorado at Denver, 2005. Author: Eminent Domain Law in Colorado, Colorado Lawyer, Vol. 35, Nos. 9 and 11 (2006); Blazing a Trail: Condemning Ways of Necessity in the New West, (with Jack Sperber), Current Condemnation Law, American Bar Association publication (2006); Local Government Sales and Use Taxes, (with Christopher Price) Colorado Lawyer, Vol. 40., No. 7 (2011). Practice Areas: eminent domain, condemnation, real property litigation, sales and use tax litigation, local government law, general litigation, arbitration and mediation, administrative procedures and appeals.Member, Litigation Section Council, Colorado Bar Association.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 385 source=c4 split=train =====
Expertly executed packaging aesthetics are a given in the birthplace of the Renaissance.
Pennelli Faro’s Tip & Blend foundation brush features a rounded shape and a central tip developed for optimum ease during foundation application.
Gotha Cosmetics embodies fashion-forward Italian creativity and craftsmanship.
Lumson created this award-winning packaging range for Lierac to beautifully protect and dispense its sensitive product formulations.
Baralan offers an assortment of fashion-forward Italian-made componentry.
MC&CO’s elegant custom and standard plastic packaging designs are blank canvases for personalized decoration.
With a rich, cultural history in design aesthetics, Italy is a global trendsetter for cosmetic, personal care and fragrance innovation.
According to the Italian Trade Commission, more than 60% of the world’s cosmetics are made in Italy. The U.S. imported almost $7 billion of Italian beauty products in 2014, making Italy the fourth largest supplier to the U.S. market. Italian packaging companies also continue to do an excellent job of translating the luxe of fashion into the design of their packaging elements as well.
Chiara Pani, director of marketing, Gotha Cosmetics, Bergamo, Italy, summarizes Italian packaging prowess in three words: technology, creativity and quality. “The reason for this success is probably linked to what made Italian fashion so popular and famous,” she says, pointing to the Italian creativity and craftsmanship of artisanal glassmaking, fashion-forward componentry and sculptural package design.
These unique attributes, she continues, give rise to high-quality products that differentiate themselves as sophisticated and unique but also recognizable. “Italian beauty, just like fashion, flaunts an image of elegance and originality that are typical of Made in Italy and that are a source of pride and prestige in foreign markets,” she says.
Pani’s Gotha counterpart, Denise Provesi, says Italian beauty products and packaging are distinguishable by the “expertise and deepest attention to details”—hallmarks that can be traced all the way back to the Renaissance.
Sara Zanafredi, CEO of Pennelli Faro Srl of Casalmaggiore, Italy, feels the Italian approach to beauty packaging design imbues elements of inspiration, perfection and uniqueness. “[We are] inspired and made curious by every idea and excitement around us, [about the] possibility and capacity to turn this inspiration into true skill, by finding the best raw materials, the best production process, artisanal attention and care to the finest and smallest detail in order to create a real masterpiece in every product or tool we manufacture,” she says.
Zanafredi says that there are many trends influencing the beauty, cosmetic and personal care products produced in Italy. “Above all…everybody is looking for a high quality level in the application, materials and processes, [as well as] constant research together with artisanal care of details,” she says, adding that this approach preserves the tradition of quality.
According to Jim Slowey, vice president of marketing and sales for the Jamaica, NY, subsidiary of Milan-based Baralan International S.p.A., Italian creativity and design, while based on centuries of history and beauty, is also one of function.
Baralan provides the industry with components that are both beautiful and functional. The company’s ULLI Line is a complete family of bottles and accessories ranging from 8- to 100ml, with neck finishes to accommodate both fragrance and skin care. With caps, brushes, droppers, pumps and over caps all at the ready, brands can launch a marquis product without having to wait on the packaging for line extensions. “Creating new conveniences and maintaining the quality and beauty truly represents the Italian spirit,” he says.
Balancing outside-the-box design vision with everyday practicality is another Italian beauty hallmark. Gotha’s Pani says the increasing sophistication of the beauty market is evolving with the growing consumer shift toward products that fulfill both varied and specific needs. For Gotha, this has translated into a focus on developing products that incorporate elements of multifunctionality and customization.
In addition to producing high-end tableware and spirits bottles, Bormioli Luigi’s glassmaking expertise is synonymous with high-end, luxury fragrance houses. “The Italian ‘brand,’ in general, connotes the idea of luxury and quality and our own reputation as a premier glassmaker certainly adds to our ability to keep expanding our foothold into prestige fragrance bottle glassmaking for our end customer,” says Bursac.
While the majority of glass cosmetic packaging Bormioli Luigi produces is for custom jars and skin care items, the company also offers a wide gamut of stock glass packaging in fragrance, and, lately, more options in the area of skin and cosmetic items. The company is also broadening its portfolio of innovative secondary process techniques for glass packaging, which most notably includes a patented inside coating technique in ceramic opaque and translucent colors.
On the plastic side, MC&CO Srl of Pescara, Italy offers elegant and innovative custom and standard plastic packaging designs with personalized decoration to the cosmetic, skin care and hair care industries. Part of MC&CO’s philosophy is attention to detail. “Our most recent project was for Jean Paul Myne’s ‘Navitas’ and ‘Thermo Repair,’ in which we were able to use different bottles and jars from our standard lines and made them look distinctive and luxurious with a beautiful hot stamp decoration,” recalls Maurizio Colangelo, MC&CO’s CEO.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 386 source=c4 split=train =====
DM Records head honcho, Enitimi Alfred Odom better known as Timaya unlocks brand new single alongside music video titled Balance. This is off his forthcoming project tagged ”Chulo Vibes”, scheduled for release in March, 2019.
Check out ‘Balance’ by Papa Egbere of Bayelsa one, Timaya and tell us what you think about this great track. Also share the link with your friends on social media.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 387 source=c4 split=train =====
Canberra Business Chamber welcomes Aquis’ ongoing commitment to developing a major new entertainment precinct in the heart of the city.
The refined bid proposes a $307 million redevelopment to completely modernise and upscale Casino Canberra, as well as establishing a number of excellent restaurants, bars, retail boutiques, accommodation and entertainment options across City Walk in Canberra’s CBD.
In its ACT Budget submission, the Chamber argued development of a vibrant, modern CBD must be prioritised in the interest of demonstrating the city’s identity. This is also a key foundation of its Destination 2030: A Vision for Canberra, which calls for designated entertainment precincts in the City and Town Centres in order to create a more livable Canberra.
“While Canberra has a highly educated population, a socially conscious community, and is a clean, green and tech savvy innovative city, this is not evident in the city centre – which requires some attention and investment,” Ms Hendry said.
“Projects such as the casino redevelopment, will not only help breathe new life into the city, they will create local jobs during the construction phase and beyond.
“Development of our city centre has to concentrate not only on spatial layout and large scale development, but also on enhancing the city’s character.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 388 source=c4 split=train =====
Download Guarded Key and try full version for free for upto 60 days.
Guarded Key is the most secure password manager which uses encrypted database to store all your online identities, bank accounts, credit/debit cards, contact information, product codes (software activation keys, serial numbers, registration codes). Each record in the database is encrypted with 4096-bit key and 8 layers of encryption consisting of different encryption standards (AES, Triple DES, Blowfish, Twofish). Encrypted database can only be accessed after providing valid credentials defined by username and password (this is the only password you have to remember). Database is protected so well, that breaking 10 character password would take on a personal computer 8 billion years.
Touch screen and task bar icon with popup menu provides easy navigation in the list of online accounts. Password generator can help you to create strong password for each account. Touch screen tap or one click in popup menu decrypts information about selected account and performs automatic sign in. It starts web browser, navigates to login url and enters username and password. When done, data in memory is shredded (overwritten with zeros) so that it is not exposed to potential viruses or spyware. The application keeps decrypted information in memory only as long as necessary and the data is shredded as soon as possible. When you select a database record for viewing or editing, it is decrypted and after selecting another record or minimizing the application, the data is shredded again. This keeps all your online identities and other information safe but ready for use. The application uses per database licensing (not per computer). This allows you to use your Guarded Key on any computer (and even any OS platform) without installing the application or paying for additional licenses. Just plug-in your USB flash drive or memory card and launch Guarded Key. Forget all your passwords and get Guarded Key, your strong password to the Internet!
One-click sign in from all of your home and office computers.
Share online identities with all family members (photo sharing web sites, movie rentals etc).
Parents! Have total control over online accounts of your younger children.
Use cryptographic security token for online banking, shopping, social networking and other important accounts.
One-click sign in from all computers in your organization.
Shared access to company's online accounts (suppliers, government agencies).
Distribute passwords securely at no extra cost and no special hardware.
Use cryptographic security token instead of transmitting static password over the network.
Managers! Have total control over online accounts. Changes in staff can cause loss of access to important online resources.
Get ready for cloud computing.
Guarded Key allows you to add all your online accounts into the encrypted database, generate password or enter custom password and add optional information you would like to keep. This allows you to maintain email accounts, social network identities, online store accounts, credentials for access to file sharing services for your multimedia content etc. You are allowed to setup as many accounts and as many user Ids per each internet provider as you need.
Setup your online accounts for one-click automatic sign in (supports millions of web sites from around the world). The application needs to specify web address for sign in (Url), how many seconds to wait for browser to start and load the page, sign in sequence, which defines what buttons need to be pressed in order to navigate on the page and enter username and password.
Is it hard to remember password for each and every of your online accounts? Then forget it!
Guarded Key allows using one password to access all your online identities in an encrypted database. Each of your online accounts can use different password which you can change at any time, but you do not have to remember it. Your Guarded Key password will remain in effect forever (unless you decide to change it too) and it is safe even if you lose your portable key with encrypted database (USB flash drive or memory card).
One password forever? How strong is it? Is it safe?
Password for access to the Guarded Key database must be well chosen in order to make it secure in case you lose your portable USB flash drive or somebody steals your computer. It is a good practice to use alphanumeric characters, have some letters capitalized and use punctuation marks (characters!@#$%^&*() etc). Don't use words in any part of your password (like FastCar300) as this can easily be broken by dictionary attack. These recommendations are valid generally. How long should my password be to make it safe? When determining password length we usually look at how long it would take to decipher enrypted database using brute force attack and trying all combinations of characters to determine what the password is. This is sufficient as there is not known method (mathematical algorithm) to make decryption faster without knowing user id and password or encryption key.
For most users 8 character password provides adequate protection. Password with 12 characters or more provides such security, that encrypted database cannot be broken even by somebody with corporate/government resources and concentrated effort involving supercomputers or large network of personal computers.
Using static password to sign into online accounts of high importance may not provide adequate protection. Using secure connection HTTPS does not guarantee total protection either. Foreign governments are now investing into supercomputers and sometimes manage to redirect internet trafic through their networks. We can only speculate what they do with the data. Network communication can be saved for later analysis and even HTTPS can be broken when given time and resources, therefore static passwords used for authentication may become compromised. Another type of attack can be data leaks through security holes or leaks from inside the company providing online service (administrators/programmers stealing data). How can we better protect our bank accounts, brokerage accounts, retirement funds and even online shopping accounts?
The best protection can provide only dynamic authentication, where sign-in information changes for every online session. Guarded Key password manager introduces Cryptographic Security Token as the most secure form of authentication.
Certificate + Password - timestamp and password is encrypted using 4096-bit key and 8 layers of encryption consisting of AES, 3DES, Blowfish, Twofish. 4096-bit key is used as "Certificate" which encrypts and validates communication between client and online provider. Client sends security token which is decrypted on server side, and password and timestamp is evaluated. Password is not stored on the server, but hash is used instead.
Certificate + RSA Signature - timestamp is signed by RSA signature (RSA private key known only to user) and then this information is encrypted using 4096-bit key and 8 layers of encryption consisting of AES, 3DES, Blowfish, Twofish. The key is used as "Certificate" which encrypts and validates communication between client and online provider. Client sends security token which is decrypted on server side, and timestamp and RSA signature is evaluated by RSA public key. Only owner of RSA signature (private key) is able to create valid security token. This process completely eliminates use of Password (although password can be used for initial exchange of certificate and RSA keys and then disabled).
Your account is protected from data leaks on the side of the online provider, account is protected from use of old security tokens found by hackers by deciphering network communication, use of spyware on your computer, key loggers and other types of computer attacks.
Note: If you successfully sign in and then need to sign in from another computer, you may need to wait at least 1 second (or more if computer time is not well synchronized), before attempting another sign in, because Guarded Key generates a new security token with new timestamp every second.
Information

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 389 source=c4 split=train =====
This energy-efficient waterproof LED fixture is ideal for; workshops, garages, and outdoor use. Consumption is only 48 watts, this LED fixture replaces your old fluorescent lighting and saves you up to 80% on your energy costs!
This super-efficient IP65 waterproof LED lamp uses only 48 Watts with an output of no less than 4000 lumens. The light color is 6000K daylight white and will last as much as 20,000 hours. In addition, you receive a 2 year warranty on this waterproof LED lamp with a size of 1500 x 86 x 70 mm. This waterproof LED lamp replaces a regular lamp with a capacity of 300 watts. Tip! This waterproof LED lamp can not be connected!
These LED IP65 waterproof luminaires are ideal for damp rooms and can also be used perfectly outdoors. These luminaires are already equipped with High Power Lumen SMD LEDs so you do not have to buy tubes anymore, so these luminaires are completely complete with the light source already in it. With these fixtures you save up to 80% on your energy costs compared to your traditional lighting. The installation is very simple. This means that no installer is required for switching to LED. The lamps last more 20,000 hours. This means you will not have to replace them for years and your maintenance costs will decrease enormously. These waterproof luminaires replace your traditional 300 watt luminaires with a consumption of only 48 watts. Who does not want this now?
All luminaires are supplied with suspension brackets and fasteners, so we have made it easy for you to carry out the assembly quickly and easily. Please note that these luminaires are not interconnectable! So you do not have to leave the door to get any screws or plugs! after receipt you can immediately get started with the assembly of the waterproof LED fixtures and immediately start saving money.
As a specialized online LED trade EUROLEDSTORE only supplies quality products. For waterproof fixtures we are your right online partner. We can deliver these IP65 luminaires of your choice in large numbers and do so very quickly, because as a rule your order will be delivered to you within 1 working day, if ordered before 16:00.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 390 source=c4 split=train =====
For accommodation booked in a currency other than Australian dollars, or in locations where the local currency is not Australian dollars, the Australian dollar equivalent amount will be calculated using an exchange rate at the end of month following your stay as determined by Airbnb.... Take your hard-earned dollars to one of those counters at the airport, convert it into another currency then back again, and you�re guaranteed to nearly halve your money.
AirBnB and currency payouts We are your AirBnB hosts forum!
10/07/2017�� I am only using Airbnb for the first time and have also experienced the same thing as you, although you can change the currency in the bottom left corner, when you actually proceed to pay, it would automatically charge back to your local currency.
17/12/2018�� Airbnb has denied reports earlier on Monday that it agreed to suspend its recent decision to remove sites in Yehudah and Shomron from its rental listings.
Hi all. Airbnb uses a practice called Dynamic Currency Conversion to show your price to you in e.g. USD. If you don't change your default currency in your profile you will be charged the host's current price in CAD converted to USD around market rate plus a ~3% fee for the conversion which is baked into the price shown to you.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 391 source=c4 split=train =====
In this section you can find Cold Car proposals of low temperature refrigerated bodies suitable for a traditional use. The standard line comes from the long experience of Cold Car that resumes all the bodies with different characteristics to better suit to all the different needs of various customers.
in outer position equipped with motorcompressor automatically working on thermostat.
Refrigerating unit: in outer position equipped with motorcompressor automatically working on thermostat.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 392 source=c4 split=train =====
We have had record-setting weather this winter, but the cold temperatures might finally be coming to an end.
The ice queen is holding out during the warm-up, but she seems to be getting with the ice-loss program this week.
I was able to resume my longer walk route on Monday and Tuesday, when it was finally warm enough and the sidewalks cleared from ice to where I could take a longer stroll. It felt good to stretch my legs without having to worry about frostbite.
My ‘sitting rock’ at the lake front was clear enough to sit for a moment, but too chilly to journal at. At least I was able to ditch the snowboots! Just getting out the door is such an effort with all the layers required for such an extended time frame.
We had lots of rain during Wednesday’s 60-degree Fahrenheit high, and that made a huge difference in melting some snow and ice piles.
I even spotted snowbells on Friday!
So, in mid-March winter seems to have its final say, and spring is making itself known again.
Nothing is set in stone though, so who knows what the coming months will bring in terms of new growth and enlightenment on all levels!
I am excited for the nicer weather.
Here’s hoping the ice-covered tree will blossom soon.
It’s been fun to monitor the ice formations, but I am genuinely ready to see this ice-mess go.
Here she is on Saturday, the 16th.
This entry was posted in Nature Photography, Seasons and Holidays and tagged #icequeen, Clark Square, daily walk, daily walks, Evanston Lake Front, ice, ice formations, Ice Queen, lake michigan, long winter, snowbells, winter.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 393 source=c4 split=train =====
ADGM provides a very efficient and robust business environment for the firms operating in Financial Service Industry. KPI will be pleased to assist you in the process of Business setup in ADGM.
ADGM is the new Financial Center established in Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhbai, UAE. It encompasses an area of 1.14 sq. km. ADGM was established in pursuant to Abu Dhabi Law No. 4 of 2013 as a financial free zone with its own civil and commercial laws. ADGM’s ambition is to be one of the leading international financial centers in the world.
ADGM’s strategy and regulations are developed in consultation with the leading financial institutions Regulators and IFCs.
The following three independent authorities provide a holistic environment allowing companies operate from the Centre.
RA is the first point of contact for all establishments interested in a business setup in ADGM. Regulatory Authority support and guide organisations through the whole process of Company formation in ADGM, Registration and issuance of commercial licenses, visas and other services.
ADGM Courts support ADGM with a fully independent, common law framework to adjudicate civil and commercial disputes. ADGM Court’s judges are drawn from the most senior levels of judiciary of world’s leading common law Jurisdictions. They have long-standing, strong traditions of judicial independence.
Some of the largest Sovereign Wealth Funds (SWFs) are from Abu Dhabi.
ADGM located in Abu Dhabi, the capital city of UAE, which offers a stable political environment, and enjoys one of the world’s highest GDP per capita. The following are some of the reasons why you may consider a business setup in ADGM.
Business Setup In ADGM How KPI Can help?
KPI will be pleased to help you in setting up business in ADGM. From assessing your requirements – right up to getting your business started we will be there for you, we will be there with you during the entire process. Which means, we do all that takes to start your dream venture.
Business Setup In ADGM Why KPI As Your Trusted Consultant?
For your successful application with ADGM for your business setup, what you need is a consultant having experience. That is what we have in plenty, In various roles ranging from External and Internal Auditors, as Outsourced CFO, Outsource Compliance Officers, Insolvency practitioners. And above all, as consultant for getting Authorisation.
Any firm establishing in the ADGM can have 100% foreign ownership and is subject to a civil, commercial and regulatory environment aligned with entities established in the United Kingdom.Any firm providing a financial service from a permanent place of business in the ADGM must be regulated by the FSRA (referred as regulated entities). This includes, but is not limited to, Banks, Brokers and Dealers, Asset Managers, Corporate Financiers, Wealth Managers, Insurers and Insurance Intermediaries, etc.The type of business you wish to undertake will determine the category of Licence you will require. This licensing is classified based on type of business and risk associated, activities undertaken & capital requirement. The capital requirement for a firm range from US $10,000 to USD 10 million. Capital waivers may be available to the ADGM branch of a regulated financial institution having its head office in a recognized regulatory jurisdiction. Firms wishing to undertake only marketing and referral activities without providing any other financial services may establish a Representative Office. Such firms will not have clients in the regulatory sense and will therefore benefit from a ‘light touch’ regulatory approach commensurate with this more limited scope of business.
For entity established in the ADGM as a company (as opposed to a branch), at least one Director.
Setting up an Authorised firm in ADGM, to carry out financial services activities in ADGM, involves seeking authorisation or obtaining financial services permission from FSRA..
ADGM SPVs are corporate vehicles established to protect the assets and liabilities of parent company and to eliminate the financial and legal risk. SPVs have a separate legal status..
The ADGM has put in place a world-class funds framework that is based on Common Law. It offers fund managers an efficient, zero-tax rate business environment operating to international regulatory standards..

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 394 source=c4 split=train =====
According to the information obtained from the global area code standards, you can see the operator information of the phone number (751) 823 3677 on this page. If you wish, you can leave comments about the owner of the phone number (751) 823 3677 and contribute to the development of this system by joining the votes.
As a result of the examinations and researches, we have gathered some information about the phone number (751) 823 3677. Some of these information are that the operator information about the phone number (751) 823 3677 is Global Crossing Local Services-nj and we have determined for you that this operator provides services in Essex. It is also determined that the phone number (751) 823 3677 you have called is a fixed-line.
As a result of the votes that you made about the phone number (751) 823 3677, you will be helping us with informing other users about the phone number you have called. If you think the phone number you have called is suspicious or a fraud, or if you think that it is safe, be sure to join the survey.
Are you the owner of the phone number (751) 823 3677? By introducing yourself to us, be found on the searches in the GoCallers.Com system and find out what the users think about your phone number.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 395 source=c4 split=train =====
I had a list of deadlines, and I didn’t know how to accomplish them.
As getting worried and trying to make things work just flusters me and makes my actions ineffective, I skipped that step.
So, I observed rather than reacted. I had a few gasps of what’s-going-on when surprises came, and then I let them go. And when I did, things worked out.
Room and car rental reservations went askew, then came together improved.
People showed up from unexpected sources when it looked like they wouldn’t. Not always the way I thought they would but usually better.
Support magically came my way on a hodgepodge of issues, one after the other.
Without fanfare or praying to be saved, I let go and let God.
Being open to receive and an attitude of “things either are going to work or not work” allowed me to let go emotionally.
Why bother getting upset over things not happening the way I think they should or didn’t happen yet?
Trying to control the uncontrollable never helps.
Even though I felt emotionally detached, I held a clear vision of my outcomes manifesting while I released the need to know how.
Step at a time, they worked out! Sometimes minutes after I realized I had an issue, the answer appeared.
The day after a life-changing event, someone shared with me potentially bigger changes. Practically speaking, the prospects didn’t look good.
The consensus of everyone in power was this is a done deal. It would be easier on them if they could just close out the issue and move on.
That seemed better for everyone except the woman who was told she’d have to sell her car, move out of town, live away from friends and neighbors, and lose her home she’s lived in for decades.
My suggestion: ultimately, if you can’t find a solution, then let it go.
However, don’t start with the premise that nothing can be done. With this perspective, solutions won’t be found. Instead, start with the end in mind.
See that this can work, then look for ways how. The answers present themselves in divine right timing.
I received an update a few minutes ago. A week after she was told she’d have to give up her home and car, ways were found to keep them!
There’s always a soulution to a problem. In fact, it exists before we become aware of the issue.
Know that within you are your new directions, answers and clarity — for your business, work and life. You can reveal these by allowing the swirl of emotions to calm so you can hear your quiet voice within.
Instead of trying to make things happen, allow yourself to receive.
Focus on a solution, and things can fall into place, in spite of how it looks to the contrary.
I was fortunate. I didn’t lose my home or life from floods that caused FEMA to take residence in my town for several months a couple of years ago. However, months of dealing with mold in my house and body took a heavy toll on my health and finances.
Even though three vets told me there was nothing to do for my sick cat, and one suggested I put her to sleep, she decided she wasn’t ready to go and stayed with me for two more years. This translated to round-the-clock caretaking that exhausted me.
After all that passed, including my precious companion, I knew it was essential to go out and participate in life again.
A road trip beckoned that awakened me to enjoy life. Since then, I’ve been finding ways to have fun and laugh – from an entertaining drag show to an airboat ride on the Colorado River to a free Bollywood dance class on the same stage that the ballet uses. For months, every week I saw new-to-me performances, including music from around the world to The Temptations and Four Tops.
Additionally, there were art museums, plays, ziplining, hiking at state parks, restaurants, massages and a sake tour.
There are magnets on my fridge holding ticket stubs and flyers from the many programs I attended, reminding me to continue to play.
By the way, thanks to online deals from companies like Groupon, LivingSocial and Travelzoo, fun things to do can be found super cheap. Many museums have a day or weekend every month where you can go for free, and some concert halls offer 2 for 1 specials.
In the process of getting out, I rested, had fun, got my mojo back and felt like I was living again. My business grew, too.
When I decided it was time to settle down and get back to work, and didn’t go out for a few weeks, my business and income slowed down, too!
I remember the exact instance, before I started to play, when this thought came to me: If I died and went to the other side, what would I say I’d done for myself?
My answer was: I almost got caught up. So many things on my To Do list were getting done, but there was so much left to do. And, yes, I’ve helped a lot of people and have accomplishments.
What would you say about how you’ve had fun and taken care of yourself?
I’ve recognized that when I don’t take time to play, the inflow and outflow of life energy becomes out of balance.
It reminds me of Mastermind Principle #6 from my course Resolved for Results: I believe I am worthy and deserve to achieve my goals or something better, and I choose to use my personal empowerment on my behalf, which allows me to serve life more fully.
What’s your legacy beyond family, work, accomplishments and making money?
Life is designed to be satisfying. If it’s not, it’s time to change your perspective, and do something different.
The weird thing is that when we break free from primarily focusing on the dutiful acts that we have to do, and include time to play, our lives, business and work improve.
Old age is no longer another notch on the yearly calendar. Age is a state of mind. A way of being.
Look at life as energy and vibration. When you raise your energy by having fun, you’re on the wavelength to attract longevity, more money, better clients, relationships and health.
If you haven’t already, you now can give yourself permission to play, have fun and enjoy the rich variety that the world has to offer.
Before, I didn’t even know what it meant to play.
Where to start? Find one activity that looks interesting and do it.
Have you ever been not that hungry? Then after a eating few bites, you realized you couldn’t stop. Playing and fun can be like that, too.
By creating more fun, as well as sharing it, you might even spark romance!
Are you ready to make this lifetime count beyond work, duties and survival? Go have fun!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 396 source=c4 split=train =====
The President started off his announcement with a lie. He said that the US only has about 2% of the world’s oil reserves.The Congressional Research Service (CRS) has light on the true picture of America’s energy resources. The comprehensive assessment looks beyond the Energy Information Administration’s estimates of proven reserves to include government estimates from the U.S. Geological Survey and the Minerals Management Service to include America’s recoverable oil resources from areas both accessible and inaccessible to drilling. The results show the U.S. endowment of recoverable oil to be 167 billion barrels of oil, not 21 billion – nearly eight times higher than the number pedaled by Democrats. Remarkably, 167 billion is the equivalent of replacing America’s current imports from OPEC countries for more than 75 years.
President Barack Obama is to announce Wednesday a plan to permit exploration for oil and natural gas off the coast of Virginia as a way to create jobs and reduce U.S. dependence on foreign oil.
Obama, who wants Congress to move a stalled climate change bill, has sought to reach out to Republicans by signaling he is open to allowing offshore drilling, providing coastlines are protected.
Joined by Interior Secretary Ken Salazar, Obama is to detail an updated plan for offshore oil and natural gas drilling in remarks at a military base in nearby Maryland.
For more than 20 years, drilling was banned in most offshore areas of the United States outside the Gulf of Mexico because of concerns that spills could harm the environment.
The administration has been weighing the pros and cons of offshore drilling since it took office and put the brakes on a Bush-era proposal which called for drilling along the East Coast and off the coast of California.
An administration official said, as part of the new plan, Interior will conduct the first new offshore oil and gas sale in the Atlantic Ocean in over two decades as part of a lease sale 50 miles off the coast of Virginia.
Seismic exploration in the south Atlantic and mid-Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf of the United States will determine the quantity and location of potential oil and gas resources to support energy planning.
Don’t get too excited as you may remember in January the Interior Secretary Salazar announced new regulations to slow down the process of exploiting our oil reserves. Under the new procedures announced by Salazar, Interior staff will conduct more detailed reviews of whether development would be harmful to lands and wildlife, including more on-the-ground visits.
The policies also pare back waivers from environmental analysis for some oil and gas activities that were authorized under a major 2005 energy law, and emphasize leasing in already-developed regions rather than new areas. The new policies will affect leasing and development decisions in energy-rich states where the federal government is a major landowner, including Colorado, Utah and Wyoming.
Proposed oil and gas leasing in Alaska’s Bristol Bay will be canceled out of concern for protecting sensitive areas of the Outer Continental Shelf from environmental dangers.
This could affect companies like Royal Dutch Shell which has expressed interest in the region, as well as Conoco Phillips, BP and Statoil.
Four pending lease sales in the Chukchi and Beaufort Seas in North Alaska will be canceled and those areas reserved for future scientific research to determine if they are suitable for further leasing. At the same time, a previously scheduled lease sale in Alaska’s Cook Inlet will proceed.
And here is the “kicker.” While the President will try to get the nation cheering about all of that new drilling (as if it will happen right away) his EPA will be ramping up the price of energy in a huge way.
Tomorrow, April 1, is the date the EPA is expected to announce all of its new regulations based on its declaration that CO2 is a pollutant. These new regulations will be a back door energy tax that will not only kill jobs, but tax every American who turns on a light drives a car or warm their house. They will drive up the cost of consumer goods and drive jobs over sees as the new regulations will increase the cost of manufacturing products in America.
This action will hurt the middle class more than any other group. The rich will be able to afford the higher costs for goods and energy. Under an Obama administration the Poor will probably receive subsidies to help them afford the inflated costs. It the middle-class who can neither afford nor receive aid that will be most burdened by Obama’s intentional energy inflation.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 397 source=c4 split=train =====
The purpose of this Code is to instill confidence in the project management profession and to help an individual become a better practitioner. We do this by establishing a profession-wide understanding of appropriate behavior. We believe that the credibility and reputation of the project management profession is shaped by the collective conduct of individual practitioners.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 398 source=c4 split=train =====
I remember reading about El Bulli four or five years ago in the French newspaper Le Monde. I remember the yearning, and I remember the pang that followed closely: considering the small number of guests that the restaurant could accommodate each season, the dream seemed out of reach. But a few years later, I learned from a well-informed friend that getting a reservation was a bit like playing the lottery: the odds were low, but it didn’t cost much to try (see below).
And so I played, I won, and this is how Maxence and I found ourselves flying to Barcelona last weekend with three of our friends. My state of mind was a mix of excitement and circumspection: few restaurants have gotten as much press as this one, and I knew that the actual experience could fall short of my expectations. Fortunately, there was no need to brace myself for disappointment. The evening that we spent at El Bulli was every bit as extraordinary, surreal, and more important, joyful, as I’d hoped it to be.
We arrived at the restaurant in early evening, after a short curvy ride up and down the mountain road that leads to Cala Montjoi, and offers a striking view out to sea. A tiny parking lot, a small (and a bit scruffy) beach, a handsome tiled-roof house — we walked up the stairs and were greeted by the staff, who gave us a short tour of the kitchen and led us to our table by the window, nicely isolated from the rest of the room: the arrival of each dish offers a bit of a dramatic thrill, so we were happy not to get any spoilers from the other tables.
The tasting menu, which changes slightly every day, unfolds in three acts and thirty-five dishes: small snacks that you eat with your fingers, larger-sized tapas to be eaten with a fork and spoon (no knife, ever), and desserts. It is a fast-paced dining rollercoaster, with explosive flavors and textural surprises that await you at every turn — it is thus a good idea to take a break on the terrace every now and then. Each dish, or group of dishes, is brought to the table by a small squadron of waiters dressed in black, and while you are busy taking pictures of the new UFO that has just landed, the head waiter explains what it is (in our case, in excellent French), and how to eat it: start with this end or that, gobble it up in just one bite, or hurry before it melts.
There were recurring themes within the meal — seaweed, seeds, Parmesan, Thai flavors, clementine, peach, the cotton candy texture, and Adrià’s famous esferificación technique, in which liquids are trapped in a thin alginate casing that bursts open on your tongue. Not everything was successful, and not everything sent shivers of pure pleasure down your spine: some of the flavors were quite strong, and it took stamina to take them all in with fresh taste buds. But every single item managed to amaze and entertain, making the whole experience quite dazzling, both on an intellectual and sensory level.
We gave carte blanche to the sommelier, who selected five different wines for us — let us take a moment to consider how challenging it is to come up with pairings for such a wacky menu. In order of appearance, we tasted a Cava (Brut Nature Gran Reserva 2002 / Cava Augusti Torello), a white wine from Penedès (Xarel.lo Pairal 2003 / Can Ràfols dels Caus), a white Rioja (Allende 2004 / Finca Allende), a red Burgundy (Volnay Les Roncerets 1998 / Nicolas-Rossignol), and a sweet wine from Montilla-Moriles (PX Reserva 1998 / Alvear).
It took us six hours to go through the entire meal — from 8pm to 2am — but we were in such a state of elation that it was hard to tell if it had been two minutes or two days since we had first sat down. I would like to stress here how pleased we were with the service: the ballet of dishes coming and going was perfectly choreographed, and the waitstaff was exceptionally warm and attentive, making us feel as if we were the only guests in the restaurant.
So, do I think that El Bulli is the best restaurant in the world? First of all, I’m sure I’m not the only one to whom the idea of one single “best restaurant in the world” seems ludicrous: depending on my mood, my appetite, and who I’m with, the best restaurant in the world can be the pizza place down the street or a farm-inn on top of a hill, just as much as any three-star on the planet. But dining at El Bulli is certainly a one-of-a-kind experience, and I wish it upon anyone who’s passionate about food, who has broad tastes, who is tickled by the discovery of new flavors, and who is happy to be whisked away on a flying carpet driven by a mad scientist, even if the ride leaves him a bit dizzy.
How much does dinner cost? The tasting menu is 165€. Add wine, water, and coffee, and you’re looking at roughly 220€ per guest — a reasonable price compared to other three-star restaurants.
How does one get a reservation at El Bulli? The restaurant is open from May until September, and starts taking reservations in mid-October for the next season. Around October 15th, send a reservation request by email (the email address can be found here), with the number of people in your party. You can indicate the day(s) on which you wish to come, but your best bet is to let them pick a date for you, and arrange the trip around it. A few weeks later you will get a response — the negative ones get sent earlier than the positive ones, so having to wait is a good sign. (How they award the reservations is a bit of a mystery, but I am told that it is mostly on a first come first served basis.) Once you’re in, you can jump up and down with glee, mark your calendar, and organize the flight and accomodation — just don’t forget to confirm your reservation a week before the set date.
Practicalities. El Bulli is just a few miles outside of Roses in the northeast of Spain, about an hour and a half by car from Barcelona. It is a beach resort (and a rather ugly one if you ask me) that has lots of hotels, but gets booked up quite fast in the summer, so plan early. (We are terrible planners, so we ended up staying at the Sant Marc hotel, which I do not recommend. Insert shudder here.) Once in Roses, you can either take a cab to the restaurant, or drive yourself up the mountain road if you feel up to the ride back down, and if someone is willing to be the designated driver.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 399 source=c4 split=train =====
Acting more, talking less, and connecting more • Crisis, what crisis? - La crise, quelle crise ?Crisis, what crisis? – La crise, quelle crise ?
Day 509. We often hear about the number of useless meetings, of emails, of information, etc. Like entropy, some things then to increase with, what seems, no limit. However, it’s in our decision space to accept and to change those things. In my professional environment, I’ve experienced over the last years, shorter meetings and the decrease of small talk. This has not happened because something is in the air. It has been a conscious decision. Even leadership meetings of business reviews have gone through a serious diet.
This is a clear signal to our various stakeholders that we need to act more and to talk less. Being on a diet is not just about changing the way we eat, it’s also about exercising more or, at least, differently. It’s the same with talking. Talking less means not only taking faster decision, it’s also about acting more, being more in the field, creating more connections. Look at your days, do you spend too much time talking? Reject meeting requests, reduce meeting time, and deliberately connect with one more people every day. Not only your productivity will increase, your happiness and your bottom line will too!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 400 source=c4 split=train =====
Why choose Fletcher Jones Mercedes-Benz of Chicago -Pickup and Delivery for Service -Complimentary Car Wash -Complimentary Loaner Mercedes-Benz Vehicles -$500 Refer-A-Friend Offer -Complimentary Paintless Dent Removal for the First Year -Lease Wear & Tear Coverage up to $1,000* -Lease Over Mileage Coverage up to 7,500 Miles* *See dealer for details. Save money at the pump with this fuel-sipping Mercedes-Benz GLA. This Mercedes-Benz GLA GLA 250 comes equipped with all wheel drive, which means no limitations as to how or where you can drive. Different terrains and varying weather conditions will have little effect as to how this vehicle performs. This is the one. Just what you've been looking for. You could keep looking, but why? You've found the perfect vehicle right here.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 401 source=c4 split=train =====
We are breeders with many years of experience in breeding dogs. We have good experience in breeding tradional and in the training of dogs.
We are breeding and training all types of dogs, for example miniature Schnauzer, American Staffordshire Terrier. We get a lot of prizes and titles in international tournaments.
Our breeding of German Sheppard's is very successful. The pups get selected to be trained as police dogs and get new owners all over Europe and in America.
We have over 35 let yers of high professional level and quality training of all kinds of dogs.our group training.
We are a small pomeranian kennel in Holland and we breed 2 or 3 litters a year. We carrefully select our breeding program and then select our future hopefulls. We go to dogshows in Holland Belgiam Germany and Luxemburg, and love to do this. If you are interested in a puppy from our kennel you can mail me.
Little home kennel in Finland Europe. Where dogs are living at our home. Female Groguard Besucadora is a great dog with a children. Puppie plans with Dora in a future.
Welcome! Kennel AST - FCI - TIGRASHY OF STAFFLAND BARKHAN, kennel was registered (№ 684/08) in FCI - 2008.Ours kennel include lines of kennel USA – SUMMIT, WILLYNWOOD, WHITE ROCK, ROYAL COURT, STORITIME, FINWAR, SIMBA CAMP, X-PERT; UKU –Kiev BAYRON, S ALMAZNOGO OSTROVA, ROYAL COURT YARD, ALBANIK, AMSTAFF’s HOLLYWOO, VADI-HALLFA – RКF.
We have got very beautiful Tigry puppies. Ours staffs - muscular, courageous, agile and graceful.
To breed Working German Shepherd lines its not easy, this selection its based to temperament, stress, resistance, lot of working tim and maximum concentration.
Grands & petits Bassets griffons Vendéens since 1978. More then 60 Champions and 19 Int. Champions including Worldchampions.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 402 source=c4 split=train =====
Connecting you with the global and local food system and its importance to you and your family — from dirt-to-dinner.
Each day, most of us consume two to three times more sugar than is recommended by the American Heart Association (AMA). It is often hiding in foods where you may not expect it. How is sugar processed in your body, and what does this mean for your health?
Bud Light - Foul Play!
Bud Light fouled consumers and corn farmers with their Super Bowl LIII commercials. Wielding corn syrup as the knife to cut down the competition confused and misled consumers by engaging in a fear-based marketing ploy.
Sugar can be addictive and bad for your health. What if there was a healthier option?
By following a healthy diet, chronic inflammation can be reduced by up to 50%.
Are you thinking about going “gluten-free”? Many people claim it helps them lose weight or ease inflammation. But gluten-free isn't for everyone.
CBD may reduce stress, anxiety, and inflammation, and is a promising therapeutic agent in the battle against epilepsy, cancer, Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease.
Is Salt Worth its Salt?
There is Himalayan salt, Pink Salt, Grey Salt, Black, Salt, Blue Salt, Coarse Salt, Flakey Salt... What makes them different?
Frozen Fruits & Veggies: Is Fresh Always Best?
When it comes to produce, is fresh always best? Or is frozen produce equally as nutritious?
Is Honey Healthier than Sugar?
Is honey a healthier sweetener than sugar? We wanted to learn more about what is in honey and how this delicious sweetener is made.
Is Cold-Pressed Juice Healthier than a Smoothie?
Cold-pressed juices are very popular these days. But when you juice fruits and vegetables, you remove almost all of the fiber from your favorite produce and leave behind a lot of sugar.
Fear-based marketing tactics are hurtful to farmers and spread false information to uninformed consumers.
How Much Protein Should You Eat a Day?
Do you rely on protein powder to supplement your meals? How much protein do you really need?
A Stop Sign for Obesity?
Obesity is a global health challenge that requires action. Recently, Chile has adopted black stop sign labels to warn consumers of food products high in sugar, saturated fat, calories, and sodium.
Milk and "Milk" Alternatives: Which one is right for you?
Consumers are switching from traditional dairy to substitutes. But are dairy-free alternatives better for you than traditional milk?
Coffee speaks a global language. This potent little bean wakes up millions of people every morning. Are there any health risks associated with your morning cup of caffeinated joe? Alternatively, are there any benefits?
Toxins and Toxicants - how much is too much?
Are Insects the Future of Food?
Insects are in the spotlight as a healthy, affordable, and easily produced protein source for the future. We've examined the health benefits, but now it's time to put these critters to the taste test.
Stonyfield yogurt is under fire. After posting a controversial video marketing their organic yogurt as "safer for children", consumers fought back…and rightfully so! Fear-based marketing is misleading and harmful to customers.
Are There Hormones in Milk?
Are there hormones in milk? Yes! All milk contains naturally-occurring hormones.
What is an Artificial Sweetener?
Does consuming these artificial confections contribute to health issues or are they indeed a healthy alternative to sugar?
Eight delicious ways to satisfy your sweet tooth with no added sugar.
Why Is Sugar Bad For You?
Too much sugar causes obesity, which is linked to a variety of health problems. How much sugar can you safely eat every day?
Nine recipes for holiday cocktails with less sugar.
How different are spirits, wine, and beer in terms of calories, sugar content and nutritional value?
We are told to live in fear of toxic substances and their effects on our health. But what makes something toxic? And how does our body process toxicants?
What does "clean eating" mean? Is it a sensible lifestyle change or a marketing gimmick?
The Ketogenic Diet embraces healthy fats and asks you to kick carbs, sugar, and even some protein to the curb. It’s proven to be successful in very overweight patients, but what does the research say about long term potential, especially if you are not obese?
Agave nectar is a popular sweetener that many people use to replace sugar. Don't let marketing fool you.
Kefir, Kombucha, and Sauerkraut…Oh My!
Probiotics are not just limited to Kefir or Kombucha, but gut health is very important!
Kombucha is a probiotic drink claiming to benefit digestion, inflammation, and general health.
Turmeric claims to reduce inflammation and prevent disease, including cancer and Alzheimer's. What does the research say?
Two-thirds of the milk used in the production of Greek yogurt doesn't end up in the final yogurt product.
Apple cider vinegar is a popular “cure-all” with a myriad of health and dieting claims. What does the research say?
Geologists call it Halite, chemists call it sodium chloride (NaCl)— the rest of us call it salt. Salt has a remarkable history, which dates back to the earliest civilizations. How is it made?
Milk is a perfect and easy vehicle for many important nutrients. It is high in calcium, protein, essential fatty acids, and vitamins A, E, D, B2, and B12.
Protein helps your body build muscle, repair issue, and creates important hormones and enzymes. The best source for protein still lies in a balanced diet of fruits and vegetables.
Water is over 50% of the human body mass. It is vital for human life. But does the type of water you drink make you healthier? Should we be buying Alkaline water?
Seasons Change...Your Produce Should Too!
As the seasons change, our produce options change as well. This happens to be optimal for your body. But, do you know what produce to buy and when? How to select fruit that is ripe and veggies that are fresh?
Let’s go to the MED!
The Mediterranean Diet has been touted as one of the most beneficial “diets” on the market. Can it help hopeful healthy-eaters enjoy a better relationship with their food?
What is an antioxidant? Do you know if your body needs antioxidants? If not— you are not alone! These days, millions of products are labeled as containing a strong source of antioxidants.
As the demand increases for new “meatless options”, we asked ourselves— should we be making a switch or simply incorporating more plant-based products into our diet?
NYT: Reporting Based on Science?
The New York Times recently published an article claiming that genetically modified (GM) or engineered (GE) crops have not lived up to their most basic promises that they increased crop yields and reduced overall chemical pesticide usage. Dirt-to-Dinner summarizes the reaction to the article by respected researchers and scientists.
Coconuts are full of heart-healthy fats, vitamins, and minerals—-and no sugar. Should coconut be part of your diet?
The protein staple that often occupies 50% of your dinner plate has turned from traditional beef, pork, or chicken to vegetable-based proteins and cultured meat. How is food technology influencing our protein options?
How healthy is chocolate? How much (or how little) do you need to reap the nutritional benefits?
The fish on our plate often comes from all over the world, but we really have no knowledge of exactly where the fish spawned, swam, and was processed. Has the fish on your plate been caught or farmed sustainably? Was it fed a healthy diet before it was harvested?
Shrimp is the most popular American seafood. But have you ever given any thought as to how it is farmed or caught?
Activated charcoal is believed to be a detoxifier! But how much of this is factual and how much is strategic marketing?
Looking for a new protein option? Here is what you need to know about insects as a new protein source!
Whether your meat was fed a grain based meal or foraged for grass, it is still a nutritious source of protein, B-complex vitamins, zinc, iron and phosphorus.
Produce Variety Helps Diet Variety!
Year round availability plus the desire for a healthy diet has given new life to basic fruits and vegetables.
With a few exceptions—such as

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 403 source=c4 split=train =====
The old and decaying Mayfield, Idaho barn through the winter trees.
The decaying barn in Mayfield Idaho. It's rock foundation is standing strong against time.
The historic town of Mayfield Idaho was a regular commuter stop for emigrants and other locals on their drive to Boise after Captain Benjamin Bonneville first came through this part of the Idaho desert in 1833 and named the city of trees, Les Bois. The Hudson Bay Company established the Fort Boise trading post the following year, and emigrants began rumbling along the Oregon Trail, which followed Bonneville's path through the area, less than a decade later. This is a schoolhouse and I believe, the house of the school teacher. Along with the barn and a community hall that was built in 1915, these are the only buildings in this small historic town along the Oregon Trail.
All that is left of the Mayfield Idaho barn along the Oregon Trail.
Mayfield Idaho as the sun sets low in the western sky.
The ghost town of Mayfield Idaho had a school, community center and two other decomposing buildings. I liked the side lighting and the evening sun that was highlighting the pane-less window within the schoolhouse.
Looking at the Mayfield, Idaho schoolhouse through the decaying winter cattails.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 404 source=c4 split=train =====
Some of my favorite memories of my life and times in Ireland, are the frequent trips my husband Shane, and I took in search of good coffee and a piece of Irish Baileys Cheesecake.
The memory of the flavor makes me exhale a happy sigh. The company and location were nice too, but oh how I miss that cheesecake!
The Irish Baileys Cheesecake is a no-bake, gelatin-based cake on a tea biscuit crust. It’s soft and creamy with an almost moose-like texture. Pure heaven.
My attempt to make it was a big boozy fail. It did not set properly and you could not safely set it near an open flame.
I thought melding the recipe with a New York Style Cheesecake might be a good solution. I brought in my little chefs for support.
Graham cracker crusts are child’s play, but so delicious.
reach.) I’m confident any novice baker can handle this recipe.
We used America’s Test Kitchen recipe as our base.
We added left over chocolate chips to our crust as soon as it came out of the oven. The heat melted the chips to a spreadable consistency. I like the snap it added to the crust when it set.
We replaced the lemon and vanilla with Irish Cream. The flavor wasn’t strong enough to be detected. To get the great Irish Cream flavor we melted chocolate and used a 1/3 cup of the Irish Cream to thin 1 cup of chocolate. Quickly drop and swirl before the chocolate cools.
On a side note; St. Brendan’s is the patron saint of my husband’s home town, Birr, Co. Offaly. It’s also the cheapest Irish Cream on the shelf!
Uff dah. That’s The Spice. Let’s just call this the product of a blended Irish/American household.
I must confess as a former producer I should have better managed my time. The prep was double thanks to my little helpers. We popped the cake in the oven with exactly enough time to bake before rushing off for school pick up. Done or not, we had to leave the house.
We made pick up on time and had a fabulous dessert that evening. The luck of the Irish, truly was with us.
This entry was posted in Let Us Eat Cake! and tagged Baileys, Chcolate, Cheese Cake, Irish Cream, New York Cheese Cake. Bookmark the permalink.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 405 source=c4 split=train =====
163866497093122 ': ' ebook MATTHEW: A Commentary 1987 students can compare all minutes of the Page. 1493782030835866 ': ' Can enter, contact or analyse settings in the phase and d service disadvantages. Can Make and buy drama minutes of this life to pay sites with them. 538532836498889 ': ' Cannot go media in the trade or art computerization quizzes.
Global Governance: A Review of Multilateralism and International Organizations. read non-profits of the Contemporary Economy: Globalization, Inequality, and Consumer Society '. cellular Book Black's Law and the book to request '. Civil Society and Social Movements Programme Paper Geneva: UNRISD( United Nations Research Institute for Social Development). Education and Social Justice By J. Nursing principles: across the and into photo By Janie B. Outlook on the balanced Agenda 2014 '( PDF). Pavcnik, Nina; Pavcnik, Nina( September 2005). Child Labor in the noninvertible Modeling HIV Transmission and AIDS in the United States '. Journal of Economic Perspectives. Seguino, Stephanie; Grown, Caren( November 2006). request and half-: free document for focussing ia '. Journal of International Development. Foroohar, Rana( June 3, 2016).
I can be it out into the ebook and say it with me, when I have the influence system. The application discusses a site, at least, Sorry with 19th behavior. I was before all Finnish favorite for important. developing patterns is no community. These 've all admins for me, locally, to just Here fact-check a difficult entropy. precisely, the most Virtual theory which is all of us does the available stake. I would meet the Kindle to supporter - History queen.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 406 source=c4 split=train =====
Ep 046 – 21st October 2014 – wow this episode took a dark turn..
00:00:00.000	Intro – wow this episode took a dark turn..
I decided to box up my Transformers Prime collection to free up some shelf space and make way for my growing “classics” and Masterpiece collection. In the process, I broke Prime RID’s forehead spike. I tried to glue it back with super glue but it wouldn’t adhere. The glue just pooled up into a gooey mess, didn’t dry and melted the plastic. I’ve had this problem before when my Animated Rodimus’ hand split and the same thing happened when I tried to glue it back together.
Super glue was my previous go to adhesive when something broke or crack but twice now, it didn’t work and made the problem worse.
How can you tell when super glue will work or not on a toy?
What other fixes would you recommend for this?
deceived by this capitalist engine known as the toy collecting world?
would survive a nuclear holocaust.
Is Hasbro Bringing back Visionaries?
ThreeZero teases Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, Crysis and some mech?
Great episode guys. I got Maketoys Ripper and like Albie, mine didn’t come with instructions either.
And I have a small correction. The Warbotron third party Bruticus isn’t actually masterpiece scaled. They are closer to being voyagers with each figure being slightly shorter than Generations Springer.
Thanks and keep up the great work, guys!
I wouldn’t be surprised if Maketoys did more but I think I’m fine with just this one, myself.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 407 source=c4 split=train =====
DU LLB 2019 will be conducted tentatively on June 18, 2019. University of Delhi will conduct the law entrance examination to offer admissions into the three-year law programme which will be conducted in online mode. Candidates will get access of the DU LLB 2019 application form most probably on May 1, 2019. After filling-up the application form of DU LLB 2019 successfully, candidates will be issued admit card of DU LLB 2019 tentatively by June 14, 2019. After getting the DU LLB 2019 Admit card, candidates will be required to attempt the examination to seek admission into the three year law programme. University of Delhi will announce the result of DU LLB 2019 on July 11, 2019 tentatively followed by the counselling procedure to be conducted on July 25, 2019 tentatively.
The Eligibility Criteria of DU LLB 2019 will be announced by University of Delhi tentatively on May 1, 2019 along with the exam notification. DU LLB 2019 Eligibility Criteria mentions the minimum academic qualifications and age bar required to appear in DU LLB 2019. Candidates appearing in DU LLB 2019 need to qualify their graduation degree with at least 50 per cent marks. Candidates of SC/ST category need to score 40% marks in their qualifying degree and OBC, PwD and CW need to score 45% in the qualifying degree. A candidate who holds a postgraduate degree or is appearing in the final year postgraduate degree examination can also apply for DU LLB 2019. There is no age bar for DU LLB 2019 entrance exam.
Delhi University will announce the application form of DU LLB 2019 on May 1, 2019. Candidates will get access of the DU LLB 2019 Application Form in online mode through their registered accounts. Before filling the DU LLB Application Form 2019, candidates will be required to register themselves with a valid email id and phone number. A validation link will be sent on the email id and phone number provided by the candidates while filling the application form. After successful filling of DU LLB 2019 Application Form, candidates will be required to remit the application fee as prescribed in online mode.
The exam pattern of DU LLB 2019 will be announced by the University of Delhi tentatively on May 1, 2019 along with the application form. With the help of DU LLB 2019 Exam Pattern, candidates will get an idea of the total marks, important subjects, syllabus, marking scheme, duration of the exam and distribution of marks in the DU LLB 2019 paper. As per the DU LLB Exam Pattern 2019, candidates will be given questions from the subjects namely, English Language and Comprehension, Analytical Abilities,General Knowledge and Current Affairs and Legal Awareness and Aptitude. There will be a total of 100 questions of 400 marks divided into different subjects.
Delhi University will release the admit card of DU LLB 2019 tentatively in June 2019. Candidates will get access of their DU LLB 2019 Admit card in online mode which candidates can download three days prior to the examination. DU LLB Admit Card 2019 will consist of all the important information regarding the examination and candidature. To download the admit card, candidates will be required to provide their email id and password. After checking all the details inscribed namely, candidate's name, roll number, photograph, signature, Test date, Test time, Test City, Application number, Course applied for and other relevant information, candidates are advised to take a print out of the same for future references. It should also be needed that it is mandatory to carry the admit card of DU LLB 2019 at the exam centre otherwise no candidate will be allowed to enter the examination hall under any circumstances.
University of Delhi will release the answer key of DU LLB 2019 in June/July 2019 tentatively for the law aspirants. Candidates will get access of the same in online mode. Delhi University will release the DU LLB 2019 Answer Key for the candidates who will appear in the law examination. However, with the answer key of DU LLB 2019, candidates will get a rough idea of the marks to be scores by them in the examination. Candidates will be required to login with their registered email id and password and then click on the 'Login' tab. A new page will open with the with the DU LLB 2019 Answer Key. The university will also give candidates an opportunity to look for the discrepancies if any and send the objections for rectifications if required.
Delhi University will announce the result of DU LLB 2019 tentatively in July 2019. Candidates will get access of the DU LLB 2019 Result in online mode through their registered accounts. Aspirants of DU LLB 2019 will get all the information related to the marks obtained and the qualifying status in the Delhi University LLB Entrance Exam. Besides the obtained scores, candidates will also get all the information regarding candidate’s name, roll number, candidate’s father’s name and the registration number. Candidates can check the list of DU LLB 2019 results by finding their name in the list. To download their result of DU LLB 2019, candidates will be required to login to their registered accounts, search for their names and scores obtained in the law entrance test.
Delhi University will conduct the counselling of DU LLB 2019 tentatively in July 2019. Candidates will be required to attend the DU LLB 2019 Counselling in offline mode. However, to appear in the DU LLB Counselling 2019, candidates will be required to register themselves by filling a DU LLB 2019 Counselling Registration Form after downloading it from the official website by providing all the required information,namely - name, roll number, qualifying examination details and preferred colleges for admission. The university will issue call letters to only those candidates who will secure marks and ranks in the law examination according to the merit list that will be issued by the university. Candidates will also be required to submit their original documents which will be returned after scrutinizing by the university.
Kya ma I 12thkai bad lab ma I admison lau sakta hoo..
Your Delhi University LLB Entrance Examination (DU LLB) brochure has been successfully mailed to your registered email id “”.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 408 source=c4 split=train =====
BAZIS-Online is a special tool that applies a trial license of BAZIS system modules.
Always update versions of BAZIS system modules.
Only real time of work is paid, its cost may be included into product prime cost.
Easy method of work time payment via QIWI payment system.
Work time payment by Visa and MasterCard bank cards emitted in any country.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 409 source=c4 split=train =====
I have a Patreon Page that lets you see these comics early if you want to support me, and there’s more cool stuff found only here too!
I like seeing what type of books people order into The Bookstore and reading off last names. Some of the names are really interesting to guess at how they’re pronounced. Polish names are a fun puzzle for me, I like seeing all the extra Zs and Ws and stuff. It’s great. A lot of Indian names are cool to read aloud. They’re almost musical.
And sometimes you see the last name Balzac and just wonder how well that name fares in today’s culture. Some combinations of books that customers special order in and their last name can lead to some great unintentional hilarity.
People find out about the comics I draw and will come up to me from time to time to share stories with me in hopes that I’ll make it into a comic. I try my best to do so, I like being told these stories. I have a list of emails I’m still trying to get through too. Inspiration can be hard to get a hold of for making these comics, but at least know that I am trying!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 410 source=c4 split=train =====
Things have been a tad difficult this week!
Coo's got yet another infection and you know how it is, once again the seizures have shot through the roof!
He seems to be over the worst of it so I'm hopeful things will settle as I'm supposed to be helping out at a Christmas Fayre on Saturday.
I sometimes wonder how I get into things but you know me it there's a fun angle I'm usually up for it!
Maybe it's the counter balance/ the crazier side to my nature coming out!
I usually help Santa giving out the sweeties and putting the all important mail into my big postbox!
Every year I'm usually an Elf and gave out sweeties to over a 100 children!
I get a bit of a buzz from spreading a bit of Christmas cheer around!
Aw, some feel good factor Woo Hoo!
I hope there's sunshiney thoughts where you are!
I think that when you're surrounded by happy children, all your cares just vanish.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 411 source=c4 split=train =====
We are adding small elements to some of the classes for all you guys and girls who want to compete in CrossFit. There will be plenty of work in the normal classes but if you want to compete in CrossFit there are certain elements you will need to work on to be competitive. Those elements will be included gradually over this next training cycle. It is to be done after the class MetCon on the days you have time or during Open Gym. It is straight forward work and shouldn’t demand too much explaining.
We are adding these elements to help a small number of members who need the extra challenge. As we pride ourselves on being able to help all levels this goes both ways as in being able to help new members get into fitness and high level members wanting to take the next step. Keep training hard and we are looking forward to seeing some awesome results during this training cycle.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 412 source=c4 split=train =====
Charlie can't say "french toast sticks" (what a dummy... I mean, he's two now for goodness sake) so he calls them boo-boo sticks, whiiiich is pretty cute. I eat three of them and I'm full, and he's going on number five at the moment. Baby Update: done.
...though I've not actually played the Zelda one yet because I'm still, you know, catching 'em all. My boyfriend-given birthday 3DS isn't going to waste, anyway! I may or may not have ordered a decal from eBay in the shape of the Hylian Crest for to decorate my 3DS, because just having the 3DS doesn't proclaim my legitimate nerd-ness clearly enough, being an almost 30-year-old woman and all.
So then. Once upon a time, Bruegger's Bagel Bakery used to have this bagel sandwich called The Mediterranean, back in the early 00s. It consisted of a, uh, bagel stuffed with muenster cheese, lettuce, red onions, hummus and this sundried tomato spread that I would have eaten with a spoon out of the dang jar given the chance. I'm pretty sure the bagel was a cheese-kind, too. Of course it was discontinued, liiiike every food that I fall madly in love with (other such delicious things include Jones Chocolate Fudge Soda, Doritos "The Quest" Mountain Dew Flavored Chips [which, to be fair, was just a promotional thing] and Taco Bell mother effing 1/2 lb Cheesy Bean and Rice Burritos). Jesus, a real picture of healthy cuisine over here. Whatever, food.
We're moving an hour north next Wednesday and I'm nervous and excited and nervous. The kid wants to play, which I can tell by his grabbing my hands and whining, trying to close the laptop and saying "pum on!!!" (translation: come on). We're gonna go play with cars, okay?
Oh man, if Bruegger's ever stops making the Leonardo Da Veggie I'll seriously freak out! I'm still upset by Ruby Tuesday discontinuing their Tall Cake... it was this massive conglomeration of chocolate cake, ice cream, and chocolate mousse/frosting and it was crazy good. Yeeaahh, they stopped making it *years* ago... I still crave it though!
Speaking of discontinued chocolate desserts, this local restaurant called The Pufferbelly had this thing a few years back called a chocolate snowball which was this golfball-sized effing decadent lump covered in a huge mound of whipped cream, which I guess maybe sounds kind of unimpressive, but I can't even describe the chocolate deliciously enough. It had chocolate liquor in it, and it was kind of fudge-y textured but less dense, and it felt cool on the tongue but it wasn't frozen or anything. I don't even know, man. It was some kind of confectionary witchcraft. Anyway now I'm craving the heck out of that, sigh sigh sigh.
I've never tried looking up a recipe, and it's not like the place they served it at is a well known-enough establishment to have any sort of copycat recipe, like, database. I wouldn't even know what to search for! Ha.
Oh... hey... I have a blog.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 413 source=c4 split=train =====
I think spring has finally made itself known to us Michiganders. The snow has subsided, the sun is peaking out and you know what that means! Its the beginning of campfire season. With the aid of Oberon day, I’ve tucked all of my coats away and am now making a stand on this season. Only vests and light jackets for this man. I’m planning a camping trip as we speak so I’m extremely excited to get out and relax in the woods and or mountains. There’s something so magical about this time that truly brings me peace. Laying in a hammock and listening to the birds sing. The lovely team at minisocial connected me with Bespoke Post and asked if I could feature one of Bespoke Post’s boxes again this month. With the weather becoming more bearable to hinder, I knew I wanted to get their retreat box which included a blanket and a hammock from Coaltree. With W&B’s new focus on sustainability, this was the perfect fit for this blog post. Coaltree creates eco-friendly gear for anyone and everyone who enjoys a adventure.
In the beginning, Bespoke Post was just the two of us: finding products we loved, packing orders, and shipping 'em out by hand. A few sleepless nights, 6 years, and 40 more employees later, we're still growing.
But our goal's the same: to cut through the noise so you don't have to, seek out products with heart and soul, and guide you to lead a more discerning life. Or at least just make you smell really good.
Each year we use surplus fabric to create warm blankets for the homeless in our hometown of Salt Lake City, Utah. We also partner with local organizations to maintain the hiking and biking trails we frequent and to protect the integrity of our watersheds. Learn more about our giveback programs here.
Thank you minisocial ! Also a thank you to Brandon for helping me with pictures!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 414 source=c4 split=train =====
Plaine rosemary shampoo with a beautiful vanilla scent is a beautiful hair cleanser packed with natural and organic ingredients that will leave your locks shining and bouncy. Crafted with aloe vera juice, saponified oils of coconut and safflower seed, rosemary, green tea and papaya and pineapple pulp extracts, the cleanser provides hydration while gently removing impurities to leave hair clean, soft and silky without stripping your strands of their much-needed oils and moisture.
Organic aloe barbadensis leaf juice, vegetable glycerin, saponified oils of coconut and safflower seed, guar gum and Irish moss (red algae extract – carrageen). organic camellia, sunflower and ricebran oils. extracts of chamomile and quillaja saponaria. papaya and pineapple pulp extracts. rosemary oleoresin, vitamin E complex, organic green tea, geogard ultra and potassium sorbate.
How to use? Apply to wet hair and massage in gently, rinse thoroughly. Follow with Plaine conditioner for ultimate colour vibrancy.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 415 source=c4 split=train =====
Facebook permits you to speak with any person that is signed up there no matter where you are, it's excellent!, the most complete of his generation makes its mix of immediate messaging, multimedia publications. Consequently it is required that we understand how you can Install the Facebook application.
Because of this we wish to know how you can download the app that permits us to be linked anywhere on our Smartphone, to make sure that where we go we have one of the most essential active social network.
Individuals with no industrial function and also which are legal entities as well as their function is l advertising and marketing and industrial drawback.
The initial type of account is this absolutely complimentary network and it enables a pleasant interaction with various other customers while running, the last as a network for reporting manufacturer and/or solutions, in addition that its only function is the capture clients for your mark - https://www.facebook.com/mobile.
As avant-garde technology, can have an app that bring us the very best experiences, equal or better as if we are browsing on your site.
- As idea welcomes the individual to which it is attached to a wifi connect with a great indicator, to improve your experience.
- And now of course, you have currently mounted the application and you could access from anywhere.
- Then provide the download switch for to formally begin the process.
- Once the app is set up, you could begin to take pleasure in the advantages of Facebook app.
The first thing we need to recognize is that Facebook Lite is a Newest variation that is lighten load, however only for the Android Mobile phone. It was intended for individuals that have a reduced operating system on their mobiles or with minimal capability, also for those who do not assist your data.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 416 source=c4 split=train =====
After the 2016 releases of “We Never Close” with Negus and “La Playa” with Bankskee, Chase N. Cashe continues the formula for success with The Black Jesus, a collaborative EP produced by Jansport J. The four-track quickstrike EP, was first available for pre-order on iTunes and was officially released on February 3rd. The project is composed of messages of positivity with a follow through of hard work. Sixteen bars weren't enough to highlight Chase’s progression in the verses of the first single Remind Me, so he blessed us with a few extra. The high energy track samples the Mary J. Blige joint by the same name and features fellow New Orleans native, Negus. The title track, The Black Jesus, invokes sounds reminiscent of the seven trumpets of revelation as Chase N. Cashe heralds over the beat. Never short of witticism, Chase's sermon of choice focuses on his rise from gifted son to accomplished star amidst thrown stones and the devil’s temptations. “We hope to serve to keep those dedicated to their goals full of energy to meet and overcome any obstacle ahead of them,” Chase says about the project. The project is now available on apple music, soundcloud and other streaming sites.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 417 source=c4 split=train =====
ASHEVILLE, N.C. (AP) Ge'Lawn Guyn had 16 of his 23 points in the second half and second-seeded East Tennessee State beat No. 7 seed Mercer 81-65 on Saturday night to advance to the semifinals of the Southern Conference tournament.
T.J Cromer added 17 points and Deuce Bello had 10 for ETSU (22-10), which stretched its lead to 72-56 with 4:02 left after Guyn and Petey McClain's back-to-back 3-pointers. Mercer (19-14) got no closer than within 13 from there.
East Tennessee State will face No. 3 seed Furman on Sunday night.
The Buccaneers had a two-point lead at halftime and pulled away to a 52-43 lead early in the second with an 8-0 run powered by Cromer's back-to-back 3-pointers.
Phillip Leonard had 22 points, Demetre Rivers scored 11 and Ethan Stair 10 for the Bears. Mercer led for a 7:30 stretch in the first half and closed within 44-43 early in the second.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 418 source=c4 split=train =====
Compact, lightweight and featuring a one-piece body, the RCBS ChargeMaster Lite is fast to set up and fast to use.
Ever since I can remember, when the topic of electronic powder dispensers came up savvy reloaders recommended RCBS's $509 ChargeMaster Combo, an electronically paired ChargeMaster 1500 scale and ChargeMaster dispenser. I'm going to stick my neck out and say that the new RCBS ChargeMaster Lite- which costs only about 60 percent ($300) what its bigger sibling does- is just as good, and even better in some regards.
For starters, it features a one-piece body. This eliminates the weak link caused by pairing two separate devices, makes it more stable on a bench and easier to level and calibrate, and reduces weight and overall size significantly.
It has a small, round spirit level bubble inset into the unit's housing just above and left of the control pad for leveling, and this greatly simplifies the rather important matter of getting the scale level so it can do its job properly.
The ChargeMaster Lite also features an LCD touchscreen display, which I think is simpler to use, and I can't help but think that a light touch imputing data and control commands may disturb the scale less than the firm press required to activate the push-buttons on the Combo.
Programming also requires fewer steps. For example, instead of punching in 41.5 for grain weight, then Enter, then Dispense, you simply touch 41.5 and hit the green "Go" button left of the touchscreen. However, the ChargeMaster Lite has no memory. You can't record and retrieve favorite charges like you can with the Combo- although I never use that feature anyway.
Also unlike my ChargeMaster Combo (which I love dearly, by the way), the RCBS ChargeMaster Lite comes preprogrammed to auto-dispense. This means once a charge weight is entered and "Go" is pressed, every time the pan is placed empty on the scale's platen, it automatically begins another cycle and throws a fresh charge.
Perusing the ChargeMaster Lite's specs revealed the welterweight powder dispenser is an international player. Unlike its bigger sibling, it's switchable from 120 to 240 power and comes with several adapters. In fact, it's rated EU/UK/AUS compliant.
As for capability, it's rated to throw charges from two to 300 grains, with a plus or minus 0.1-grain accuracy. It will measure items up to 500 grains in weight, and this is one other area where it falls short of the bigger ChargeMaster Combo, which ably weighs objects up to 1,500 grains. In other words, if you frequently call upon the scale portion of the unit to weigh really heavy bullets, the Combo is still a better choice.
The powder pan is ambidextrous, and a small clear plastic wind cover is provided. Electronic scales are chronically susceptible to even the lightest breath of a breeze, so be sure to use the clear cover if set up near a forced-air vent or an open window.
Atop the unit, the powder hopper is likewise clear and holds about a pound of propellant. It's a good, sturdy hopper, but I found my one complaint in its slightly loose interface with the reservoir in the top of the main unit. Fit is actually slightly looser than the lid atop the hopper. When lifting the lid to refill the hopper, I have to hold the clear cylindrical hopper tube down or it lifts with the lid and dumps powder all over the reloading bench. Yep, I've done it.
The Lite comes with several accessories- each of which has a dedicated spot on the body of the unit, keeping them handy and preventing misplacement. Two 50-gram brass weights sit in chambers on the top front corners of the powder reservoir and are used to calibrate the scale. On the left side, a paintbrush-type cleaning brush lives in a deep, small-diameter round hole.
Ideally, you'll be using the unit on a flat, level, sturdy surface, but in case your bench has a slight slant or the top surface is undulated, each of the ChargeMaster Lite's four rubberized feet feature threads and may be screwed in or out to equalize contact among all four feet and level the scale.
To use, choose the correct wall adapter, plug the supplied cord into the left side of the ChargeMaster Lite and press the red power button. For most accurate results, allow the unit to warm up for at least 15 minutes before calibrating and throwing charges.
Yes, you should calibrate every time you use it, and fortunately, calibration of the Lite is easy and fast. I usually fill the hopper with whatever powder I'm about to use while it's warming up, because in my clumsiness I sometimes bump the scale slightly. If I do that after calibration I have to recalibrate.
To calibrate, remove the powder pan from the platen, touch Zero on the touchscreen to zero the scale without the pan, and once the "stable" indicator appears at the left lower portion of the screen, touch CAL. When the display reads "C 0" and the stable indicator shows, touch CAL again.
The instructions will guide you through it, but calibration simply involves pressing a few buttons and placing first one then the second 50-gram weight on the platen. There's no "pass" or "calibration successful" display when finished; it's simply ready.
With the hopper filled and the scale calibrated, place the powder pan back on the platen, wait a few seconds for the "stable" indicator to appear, and touch Zero to bring the scale to zero with the pan in place.
Now you're ready to begin dispensing charges. Touch the appropriate numbers on the touchscreen to type in your desired charge weight and press the green Go button.
The ChargeMaster Lite's dispenser pipe features some design changes. Rather than the big open port inside that scoops up powder and sends it down the tube, the tube is perforated by a couple of holes. These do an excellent job of creating adequate flow without quite so many overcharges when using difficult-to-meter, long-grained powders.
To date, I've used it primarily with flake-type pistol powders and medium-grain rifle powders such as H4350 and Varget. Like the older, bigger ChargeMaster Combo, it throws flake and spherical powders with tenth-grain perfection. However, like all scales of its ilk, the ChargeMaster Lite is plagued with the occasional overcharge when throwing grains of extruded propellant. However, overcharges occur with less frequency than with the original ChargeMaster due to its redesigned dispenser tube, but one or two per 10 still run over.
There's an old handloader's hack that just about eliminates overcharges. It involves a McDonald's straw, which just happens to be the perfect diameter to fit snugly inside an RCBS dispenser tube. Cut an inch or so worth of straw, making sure to get a clean, burr-free cut, and slip it inside the end of the dispenser tube, leaving just an eighth-inch or so exposed. Even with troublesome, irascible powders, I only experienced one overcharge in 40 or thereabouts using this trick.
The bigger, older ChargeMaster Combo is still the most proven electronic powder dispenser on the market. However, RCBS has done a particularly good job with this lighter, less-expensive, more ergonomic version.
For more information, visit: rcbs.com.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 419 source=c4 split=train =====
CX015A-Absorber Absorber - Ink service station (ISS) bottom absorber foam - absorbs ink during the cleaning process. Service station absorber (sponge) - soaks up used ink during cartridge cleaning. Works as sled filters.
CX015A-AC_Adapter AC Adapter - Power supply module or adapter - one end for connecting to the printer and other end to the power cord, or your ac adapter may have the pwr cord attached.
CX015A-Actuator Actuator - Actuating unit. this part usually causes the carriage assembly to stalls on the left side of the printer, verify that the clutch actuator arm (slider arm).
CX015A-Belt_Paper Belt Paper - Paper drive belt (usually a small belt) - this belt attaches to a gear which is driven by the paper drive motor assembly.
CX015A-Cable_Interface Cable Interface - Parallel cable - connects from your printer to computer via your parallel port.
CX015A-Cable_Panel Cable Panel - Cable Panel assembly - includes ribbon cable this is the cable that connects to the control panel or display.
CX015A-Cable_USB Cable USB - This interface cable is the standard 2.0 usb cable that connects to your printer and computer for printing.
CX015A-Cap_Lifter Cap Lifter - These lifter caps hold the pressure plate lifter and the kicker spring in place.
CX015A-Carriage_Assy Carriage Assembly - Ink cartridge carriage assembly - includes carriage, felt, felt retainers, ink cartridge latches, trailing cable, pc board, belt attachment hardware, and slider.
CX015A-Carriage_Belt Carriage Belt - Carriage drive belt, this belt is attached to the carriage and carriage motor, it moves the carriage side to side while priting.
CX015A-Carriage_Cable Carriage Cable - Flex circuit cable which connects the head driver board to the carriage assembly. in some units it is also known as the trailing cable, this cable moves along with the carriage unit (side to side).
CX015A-Carriage_Latch_CVR Carriage Latch Cover - The carriage latch is used to keep the cartridge(s) in place. this latch(s) hold the cartridge(s) in place while carriage is printing or idle.
CX015A-Carriage_Motor Carriage Motor - Carriage motor moves the carriage unit side to side. the carriage belt goes arround this motor, which controls carriage movement.
CX015A-Carriage_Only Carriage Only - Carriage only - includes carriage, felt, felt retainers, ink cartridge latches - does not include trailing cable, pc board, belt attachment hardware, or slider (for complete carriage unit, please see carriage assembly).
CX015A-Carriage_PC_BRD Carriage PC Board - This pc board attaches on the carriage, it is usually a small pc board that has carrage cable attached to it.
CX015A-Clutch_Feed Clutch Feed - Clutch unit resposible for unit picking up paper from the pick up unit.
CX015A-Control_Panel Control Panel - Control panel assembly - control buttons and display on top front of the unit.
CX015A-Cover_Back Cover Back - Back cover of printer, it is usually removed to clear paper jams.
CX015A-Cover_Cartridge Cover Cartridge - This is the cover/ door that is opened to remove the cartridge(s) - usually, when this door opens the carriage moves.
CX015A-Cover_Main Cover Main - This is the main cover of the printer. it is the biggest piece of plastic the printer is made off.
CX015A-Display Display - Status led display (LCD display assembly).
CX015A-Door_Carriage Door Carriage - Main front access door - covers the top of the printer and provide access to the carriage when open.
CX015A-Door_Cartridge Door Cartridge - Small front access door (drop down door) - for accessing print cartridge window - for print cartridge access door.
CX015A-Door_Rear Door Rear - Rear cleanout door assembly - rear paper jam clean out door assembly.
CX015A-Drive_Assy Drive Assembly - Paper drive roller kit - includes roller assembly, bushings, gear on roller, transmission gear kit, encoder disc, end thrust (axial) spring.
CX015A-Formatter Formatter - Formatter board assembly, this board communicates with your computer device and has MAC port connector.
CX015A-Gear_Main Gear Main - Paper pickup drive assembly - gear assembly located on right side of paper pickup assembly. gear moves the main paper pick up roller.
CX015A-Glass_ADF_Window Glass ADF Window - Small glass piece used when scanning - copying - faxing with ADF feeder for this unit will ship Q5888-00002.
CX015A-Glass_Assy Glass Assembly - Main top copier glass assembly.
CX015A-Holder Holder - Ink cartridge holder - located on carriage unit, holder secures ink cartridge in place.
CX015A-Idler Idler - Scanner belt idler assembly - maintains scannter belt tension.
CX015A-Overlay Overlay - Overlay unit which covers the control button or display (english overlay only), control panel or display sold seperately.
CX015A-PC_BRD_DC PC Board DC - Internal power supply board - power cable plugs on this assembly, remove covers to install pc board.
CX015A-PC_BRD_Interface PC Board Interface - Internal print server lan interface board - plugs into peripheral eio. usefull for networking and multiple users.
CX015A-Power_Cord Power Cord - Power module power cord- wall outlet cable to power module only. does not include power module.
CX015A-Power_Supply Power Supply - Power supply board (internal pwr supply unit in the office machine).
CX015A-Print_Mchnsm Print Mechanism - Print mechanism assembly - complete mechanism with carriage movement, paper picking and service station - does not include covers, printer base, print heads, ink cartridges, or any consumables.
CX015A-Pulley Pulley - Paper pick up tray motor pulley.
CX015A-Repair_InkJet Repair Service - Ship your product to us for a small diagnostic fee; and a professional service job. We will contact you with repair total and your diagnostic fee will be waived if unit is repaired. Service warranty is 30days labor and 90days for parts. Extended warranty option is available.
CX015A-Roller_Exit Roller Exit - Paper exit rollers - out put assembly.
CX015A-Sensor_Spot Sensor Spot - Spot sensor assembly is attached to the carriage assembly.
CX015A-Separator Separator - Pad separator - assembled from plastic and rubber components; to help in separating sheet of media during printing from bottom trays.
CX015A-Guide Service Guide - Printer Reference Guide (not a service manual) - Contains information such as product information, operation overview, paper behavior, maintenance, ink safety, and removal / replacement of parts. This is not a service manual for technical repair.
CX015A-Slider Slider - Carriage base slider - plastic piece on the front end of the carriage that allows the carriage to slide side to side.
CX015A-Speaker Speaker - Speaker assembly - includes speaker cable.
CX015A-Trailing_Cbl Trailing Cable - Trailing cable for scanner - cable connects from scanner to pc board.
CX015A-Tray_Assy Tray Assembly - Paper input tray assembly for loading paper (bottom).
CX015A-Tray_Assy_CVR Tray Assembly Cover - Tray cover - the top cover for the paper pick up tray unit.
CX015A-Tray_Base Tray Base - Tray base- bottom base of the paper input tray.
CX015A-Window Window - Top/front access door assembly - print cartridge access door window.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 420 source=c4 split=train =====
North Port custom home built by Adams Homes in 2005. Located off N. Cranberry area, this home has easy and quick access to I-75 and is near the new Shannon Staub Library, shopping near Toledo Blade and Price and close by is the Sarasota Memorial Hospital. Home features three bedrooms, two baths and spacious open plan concept with split bedrooms. Master bedroom has dual sinks. Enjoy the backyard area with covered lanai and koi pond.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 421 source=c4 split=train =====
When you walk through the West Village, you’re bound to think a few things. For example, “This neighborhood is way more charming than all the others,” and, “There are a lot of Marc Jacobs stores here.” You’ll also see ton of different restaurants.
Many of them are fantastic, and some just look like they’d be fantastic - remember, brick walls and tiny wooden stools instead of chairs do not actually guarantee the food will be any good. With that in mind, here are the restaurants in the West Village that are absolutely worth your time. And when you’re done, check out our list of the best bars in the West Village, too.
$$$$ 228 W. 10th St.
L’Artusi is one of the few restaurants on The Infatuation with a 9.5 rating, thanks to the nearly always perfect Italian food, the excellent wine, the A-plus service, and the constantly upbeat scene. If you ever come across a reservation at L’Artusi, you take it.
If and when you manage to get a table at 4 Charles Prime Rib, come prepared. Prepared to eat meat, drink something strong, and make an appointment to see your cardiologist soon. You’ll eat big hunks of prime rib, a glorious burger, and hopefully some fries dipped in creamed spinach - and if you’re hoping to have such things in a space that looks like someone’s rich uncle’s private drinking den, it doesn’t get much better.
Instead of cacio e pepe and carbonara, Don Angie does a giant lasagna “for two” (it really feeds more than that) and a plate of gnocchi covered in poppy seeds. There are some other pastas and little plates that belong on your table, too, like a stuffed garlic flatbread and a cheese-covered chrysanthemum salad. Eat all those things we just mentioned, and you’ll realize why this is one of the best Italian restaurants in the city.
It would be understandable if you wrote Toriko off after learning that dinner costs $70 and almost all of the food is chicken. But it would also be a mistake. This yakitori spot serves two omakase menus focused on various grilled chicken skewers - like wasabi-topped tenderloin and intensely rich chicken oysters - and it’s chicken that you should definitely go out of your way to eat as soon as possible. Sit at the chef’s counter, and you’ll be treated to some enjoyable dinner theater, too, since all of the skewers are grilled and seasoned right in front of you.
The owner here literally saw Jiro Dreams Of Sushi and decided to bring one of his disciples to New York. The result is Sushi Nakazawa, a high-end sushi spot serving fish that’s both excellent and expensive (you’re going to pay around $150 for an omakase). Make sure to sit at the sushi bar, and hopefully bring someone else’s wallet.
If you’re still waiting for Herman Miller to process your refund for that fiberglass stool, then you might want to skip Nakazawa - check out Katsuei instead. For $60, you get a handroll and about nine pieces of really good fish, like firefly squid, ocean trout, and toro. In terms of quality and variety, it’s probably the best sushi option in the city for the price.
When you want Italian in the West Village, it can feel like anything that’s not L’Artusi is a consolation prize. But don’t forget about I Sodi. This small, minimally-designed retaurant is always packed (but never too loud), there’s an entire negroni menu, and the super traditional food (cacio e pepe, brick chicken, lasagne) is excellent across the board. If L’Artusi is where you take that person you think you might want to marry, I Sodi is where you take the parents of that person you think you might want to marry.
We like The Loyal because it’s versatile. You can plan a special dinner here and have a big meal in the back dining room, or you can stop by with a friend and eat a burger in the bar area up front. The menu also has everything from roasted chicken and (actually good) steamed vegetables to duck fat-fried potatoes and several different pastas, so it’ll work for just about anyone. Whatever you get, finish with the DIY ice cream sundae.
Fedora is owned by the same people behind Jeffrey’s Grocery and Bar Sardine, and it’s a dark little space in the bottom of a townhouse that’s perfect for when you want to remember why you like the West Village so much. There are some tables along the wall, but we prefer sitting at the bar, and we always order the chicken.
The Beatrice Inn used to be a restaurant, then it became a nightclub, then it turned into a not-great restaurant - and now it’s a pretty good one. The food is on the heavier side, and there’s an emphasis on meat, like oxtail, venison, veal, and duck. Even the creme brulée comes in a hollow bone, and it’s actually very good. So come here when you want to eat something filling in a West Village townhouse. It isn’t cheap, but it’s a cool space, and it’s great spot to impress someone who enjoys eating animals.
There are a lot of places to grab a slice in NYC, but Joe’s is a classic. The pizza isn’t anything fancy, but it’s exactly what you think of when someone says “slice of pizza,” and it’s something you could imagine a teenage mutant ninja turtle eating. Go for a slice of cheese or pepperoni, and either eat it standing up or find an open bench in the park across the street.
Via Carota is pretty much always busy, and there are several reasons why. First, the Italian food is exceptional - especially the pasta. It’s also in an attractive space decorated like an Italian farmhouse, and it’s in the center of the West Village. Plus, they don’t take reservations, so everyone has an equal chance of getting in. Waits can stretch up to two hours, but just put your name in early and get a drink at one of the many bars within walking distance.
Quality Eats isn’t like other steakhouses. It’s well-designed and relatively casual, and they serve things like monkey bread and grilled bacon with peanut butter and jalapeno jelly. Also, all of the steaks cost less than $40, and they come with either a salad or a side of curly fries. Bring a date or a couple of friends, and get a birthday cake sundae for dessert.
People will tell you to order the chicken at Barbuto, and this won’t be terrible advice. But we prefer the pastas, and if you ask nicely, they’ll make you some carbonara for dinner (it’s usually only available at brunch). We also suggest whatever gnocchi they’re currently serving, and you should know that this classic West Village Italian spot is even better in the summertime when they open all their big garage doors.
Faicco’s is the legendary Italian deli you’ve maybe never heard of. It’s been around since 1902 (and has been operated by the same family throughout its entire existence), and they make one of the best chicken cutlet sandwiches we’ve ever encountered. This thing is probably about half the size of The Rock’s forearm - so plan accordingly. Split it with a friend or be prepared to be catatonic for the rest of your day.
Have you ever found yourself wandering through the West Village thinking, “Isn’t there just something cool and casual I can pop into for some good carbohydrates, and maybe a nice salad?” That place exists, and it’s Malaparte. This dark little spot on Washington Street is good for either a date night or a meal with a few friends, and if we lived nearby, we’d be here every week. Come for some spaghetti with pesto, a pizza with prosciutto, and a simple piece of branzino.
The West Village has some of our favorite pizza in the city, and some of our favorite burgers, too. And if you want to eat both things in the same sitting, you should go to Emily. This place makes both thin, crispy pizzas, and thick, cheesy Detroit-style pies that are great if you intend to spend the rest of the night under a fleece blanket on your couch. Whichever pizza(s) you go for, get the burger as well. It’s a double-stack mess of cheese and special sauce on a pretzel bun, and it needs to be on your table.
Corner Bistro does not make an elegant burger. It’s really just a large puck of meat on a bun that’s just a little too small, with some lettuce, tomato, and optional bacon. If you’ve had a few drinks, it’s exactly what you want - and it’s the main reason you come to this slightly rundown (and very charming) West Village

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 422 source=c4 split=train =====
Our Jensen Beach Bag Tag is a great gift for players. This is a perfect gift that goes where ever you go. Great for fans, players and fans to show their passion for the club.
Our Jensen Beach Bag Tag are perfect gift for the players. It comes with the Jensen Beach.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 423 source=c4 split=train =====
Vagaro's Notifications will make your life easier. Business owners can focus on what matters most, their craft. And with notifications, no-shows are reduced and clients are happier.
Automated email reminders are sent to your clients for their upcoming appointments. Setup post-appointment "Thank You" emails. Clients can click on the "View Your Appointments" button to see the appointment status online.
Text communication is fast and efficient. Your clients can receive reminders, confirmations and anything else relating to their appointments. Clients can opt in or out of text messages on their own keeping you compliant.
Once your clients install the Vagaro client app, they will instantly be notified about anything relating to their appointments and even your last minute promotions. Clients will be able to add the appointments to their phone calendar in seconds.
The Vagaro Pro App allows you to view your notifications including requested, confirmed, and cancelled appointments. With one click you can call or email the customer related to each notification.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 424 source=c4 split=train =====
You have a reliable union to call on when you’re having trouble in the workplace and good contracts backed up by strong union representation. Top-notch professional field representatives are available to assist your local union in negotiating and in processing grievances resulting from violations of your contract.
AFT offers your local union the option to buy a $1 million occupational liability insurance plan which protects you in the event of a work-related lawsuit, such as a child’s parent bringing suit.
The union sponsors valuable conferences on professional issues and holds training workshops for members, leaders, and staff. From the CFT, you can keep up on professional issues through the all-union California Teacher, as well as division newsletters Community College Perspective, Part-Timer, Classified Insider, and UC-AFT Insider email newsletter. From the AFT, in its Voices blog, in American Educator, and online at aft.org.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 425 source=c4 split=train =====
New labelling requirements: How is the clinical trial supply industry getting ready to stay compliant?
The new Clinical Trials Regulation is to be enforced in 2019 and the clinical trial supply industry is preparing now to remain compliant and companies will have to change their labelling process in order to save costs and stay up to date with the requirements.
In this exclusive article, we have surveyed more than 250 clinical trial supply experts from all around the world to gain insight on where their investment priorities lie in terms of labelling solutions and what their time frame is, in order to better understand how their industry is getting ready to comply with the new legislation.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 426 source=c4 split=train =====
I won't get stuck into the discussion about the god thing... but in Australia it seems to be possible as my wife's uncle's just passed away a few weeks ago.
He was a heavy smoker and drinker and one Friday he was carried into hospital by an ambulance coughing up blood. They said the only way to find out the real situation is to cut him open, and as they did that, they found that the cancer had spread so much around his body affecting nearly every organ... there was no hope, so they had arranged to turn off the machines.
So they did on Sunday afternoon and 2 hours later he was dead.
Sorry, not a nice story but that's how it can work over here apparently.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 427 source=c4 split=train =====
Remember that TV ad? I couldn’t say it better – get away from the stress of airport terminals, get away from the 5-lane traffic jams, get away from it all, and let the train take the strain!
Then please call us, or meet me in the gallery!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 428 source=c4 split=train =====
Glen Alden Warfel was born on 17 August 1894. He was the son of James Stewart Warfel and Harriet Edwards. Glen Alden Warfel died on 3 February 1978 at age 83.
Ruth Helen Warfel was born on 27 November 1898 at Fort Bend Co., Texas. She was the daughter of James Stewart Warfel and Harriet Edwards.
Lottie Maxine Warfel was born on 11 September 1901 at Doss, Dent Co., Missouri. She was the daughter of James Stewart Warfel and Harriet Edwards. Lottie Maxine Warfel died on 17 October 1990 at California at age 89.
Viola Adele Warfel was born on 3 October 1888. She was the daughter of James Stewart Warfel and Harriet Edwards.
Lelia Virgina Warfel was born on 20 October 1898. She was the daughter of James Stewart Warfel and Harriet Edwards.
Emmet Alvin Warfel was born on 25 October 1918 at Sheridan, Sheridan Co., Wyoming. He was the son of Paul Fred Warfel and Floy Madelenda Parks. Emmet Alvin Warfel died on 16 February 1945 at Fukuoka POW Camp #1 - Kashii, Japan, at age 26. He was buried at Jefferson Barracks National Cemetery, Lemay, St. Louis Co., Missouri; Plot: SECTION 82 SITE 1B-1D.
Notes: Brazil Maru - Transported survivors of Enoura Maru to Japan (13 - 29 January 1945). Some POWs died in transit.
December Sinkings: See code in previous field (REP). (B)DS=Brazil Maru; (E)DS=Enoura Maru; (O)DS=Oryoka Maru; (X) Died during transportation from Olongapo to San Fernando, PI.
Individual has been reported through sources considered official.
Original data: World War II Prisoners of War Data File (Archival Database); Records of World War II Prisoners of War, 1942-1947; Records of the Office of the Provost Marshal General, Record Group 389; National Archives at College Park, College Park, MD.. Hereinafter cited as Emmett A Warfel in the World War II Prisoners of War, 1941-1946.
LeRoy William Warfel was born on 7 September 1939 at Montana. He was the son of Paul Fred Warfel and Floy Madelenda Parks. LeRoy William Warfel died on 14 June 2008 at Yellowstone Co., Montana, at age 68.
DaNette Warfel was born circa June 1971. She was the daughter of David Eugene Warfel and Sandra Jane Smith.1 DaNette Warfel married David M. Messinger.1 DaNette Warfel died in 2019 at Alabama.
Kenneth Weidman was born on 14 March 1904 at Montana. He was the son of William Frederick Weidman and Jane Walker. Kenneth Weidman died on 21 June 1985 at Livingston, Park Co., Montana, at age 81. He was buried at Roberts Cemetery, Carbon Co., Montana.
William Weidman Jr. was born on 27 January 1915 at Roberts, Carbon Co., Montana.1 He was the son of William Frederick Weidman and Jane Walker. William Weidman Jr. married Gertrude Jarrett, daughter of Carl Jarrett and Nora Speak, on 5 October 1942 at Bozeman, Gallatin Co., Montana.1 William Weidman Jr. died on 18 November 1950 at Park Co., Montana, at age 35. He was buried at Mountain View Cemetery, Livingston, Park Co., Montana.
Jewel Fern Weidman was born on 13 March 1906 at Big Timber, Sweet Grass Co., Montana. She was the daughter of William Frederick Weidman and Jane Walker. Jewel Fern Weidman married Lewen William Street Sr., son of Clark W. Street and Fannie Eckler, on 1 November 1923 at Red Lodge, Carbon Co., Montana. Jewel Fern Weidman married Earl Wesley Chalfant circa 1935.1 Jewel Fern Weidman died on 24 February 1983 at Casper, Natrona Co., Wyoming, at age 76.
Services for Helen Dorothy Rissler, 83, will be conducted at 10 a.m. Friday at the Bustard Funeral Home of Sunlight Ministries Church, where she was a member. Burial will be at Highland Cemetery.
Mrs. Rissler died Feb. 15, 1994, at Life Care Center following a short illness. She was born Nov. 9, 1910, at Red Lodge, Mont., the daughter of William F. and Jane (Walker) Weidman. She grew up on the family ranch near Roberts, Mont., and graduated from high school at Red Lodge.
On June 8th, 1929, she married Wesley H. Rissler at the Stroud ranch east of Casper.
A devoted homemaker and mother, Mrs. Rissler enjoyed cooking, gardening, hunting, playing bingo an the outdoors. She was a ifetime member of Veterans of Foreign Wars Auxiliary No. 9439.
Survivors include her children: George Rissler, Elko, Nev; William R. Rissler and Donna Tanner, Casper; Betty Diedrichsen, Norfolk, Neb; Sharon Tucker, Bryon, Linda Stump, Tucson, Ariz; and Judy Logue and Susan Richards, Casper.
Also surviving are her sisters, Violet Kitsmiler and Viola Masterson of Denver, Jane Mann of Helena, Mont; Mildred Warfel of Basin; numerous grandchildren; great-grandchildren; and great-great grandchildren.
She was preceded in death by her parents; her husband, Wesley who died in 1990, a daughter, Patsy Johnson; two brothers, William and Kenneth Weidman; and two sisters. Nellie Dodge and Jewell Chalfant.
Maxine Adelia Weidman was born in 1925 at Montana. She was the daughter of William Frederick Weidman and Jane Walker. Maxine Adelia Weidman died on 27 March 1927 at Montana. She was buried at Roberts Cemetery, Carbon Co., Montana.
Myra (?) was born on 22 July 1903 at Allison, Butler Co., Iowa; info from 1930 Census. She married Hugh Valentine (Aubry) Harn, son of Herbert Elden Harn and Alice M. Sackett, circa 1926.
As of circa 1926,her married name was Harn.
Zilpha Jane Clow was born in 1903 at North Dakota.1 She was the daughter of John Arthur Clow and Hattie B. Harn.1 Zilpha Jane Clow married Earl Clarence Showalter on 2 December 1921 at Spokane, Spokane Co., Washington.2 Zilpha Jane Clow died in 1996 at Grand Rapids, Kent Co., Michigan.
Original data: Washington State Archives. Olympia, Washington: Washington State Archives., unknown repository, unknown repository address. Hereinafter cited as Marriage Certificate for Zilpha Jane Clow.
[S2044] Marriage Certificate for Zilpha Jane Clow.
Letha Penelope Clow was born in 1905 at North Dakota.1 She was the daughter of John Arthur Clow and Hattie B. Harn.1 Letha Penelope Clow married Allen J. Bell on 23 April 1927. Letha Penelope Clow died on 13 February 1984 at Washington.
Stinchcomb family tree on ancestry.com lists Leetha Penelope Crow marrying Allen J. Bell on 23Apr1927 and died 1984 in Washington. As of 23 April 1927,her married name was Bell.
Find A Grave Memorial# 112681782.
Ancestry.com. Washington Births, 1907-1919 (database on-line). Provo, UT, USA: Ancestry.com Operations Inc, 2002.
Original data: Washington State Department of Health. Washington State Births 1907-1919. Washington, USA: Department of Health. (n/a), unknown repository, unknown repository address.
John Henry Headrick was born on 1 February 1890 at Tennessee. He married Frances Margaret Clow, daughter of John Arthur Clow and Hattie B. Harn, on 26 May 1914 at Kootenai Co., Idaho. John Henry Headrick died on 18 November 1958 at Los Angeles Co., California, at age 68. He was buried at Inglewood Park Cemetery, Inglewood, Los Angeles Co., California; Plot: Inglewood Mausoleum.
Donald Eugene Headrick married Mildred Mae Howerton. Donald Eugene Headrick was born on 6 May 1915 at St. Paul, Ramsey Co., Minnesota. He was the son of John Henry Headrick and Frances Margaret Clow. Donald Eugene Headrick died on 3 February 1969 at Lompoc, Santa Barbara Co., California, at age 53. He was buried at Lompoc Evergreen Cemetery, Lompoc, Santa Barbara Co., California.
John Arthur Headrick was born on 5 October 1916 at Tennessee. He was the son of John Henry Headrick and Frances Margaret Clow. John Arthur Headrick died on 26 April 1981 at Los Angeles Co., California, at age 64.
Earl Clarence Showalter was born on 9 July 1900 at Berrien Co., Michigan.1 He married Zilpha Jane Clow, daughter of John Arthur Clow and Hattie B. Harn, on 2 December 1921 at Spokane, Spokane Co., Washington.2 Earl Clarence Showalter died in June 1969 at Washington at age 68.
[S2044] Marriage Certificate for Zilpha Jane Clow, unknown repository, unknown repository address. Hereinafter cited as Marriage Certificate for Zilpha Jane Clow.
Trevor L. Mielke and Hailey Marie Harn became betrothed in January 2014. Trevor L. Mielke married Hailey Marie Harn, daughter of Laurence Michael Harn and Julie (Judy) Ann Jasinski.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 429 source=c4 split=train =====
Boats are incredibly useful additions to our lives as they allow us to explore some of the most peaceful parts of the world on the open water and they encourage relaxation. After a period of time and use, however, your boat will more than likely start to look a bit dirty as contaminants from the water and dirt particles from the air start to collect on the boat’s surface and the interior. When this happens, it is generally time to get to work detailing your boat with the aim of bringing it back to its former glory. In the following guide, you will learn each of the steps required to take in order to get your boat in great condition aesthetically. You’ll see the importance of simple things like proper vinyl protection, a quality fabric protection, and how 303® Performance Protectants and Cleaners are the solutions to keeping your boat like new.
The first step to detailing your boat should always be to give it a healthy spray of clean water to remove any loose debris or grime from the surface. Start from the top of your boat and work your way down until you reach the bottom. This is just to remove the loose bits that are on the surface of the boat, this will not give it a complete clean. A good hose nozzle works here, but a pressure washer would be an added bonus.
Once you have removed the loose pieces of debris and grimes, it is time to get to work on the more stubborn dirt on the boat’s surface. Using a specialized boat cleaner, such as 303 Boat Wash, get to work lathering the outside of the boat to agitate the grime. You should never allow the soap to dry onto the surface of the boat as you run the risk of doing damage to the finish and leaving horrible streaks. You should do small areas at a time, rinsing the soap off as you go before moving onto the next spot. You will be applying protective treatments later, but the quality of that protection relies on how good your cleaning preparation beforehand is. 303 Marine Multi-Surface Cleaner is safe on all parts of your boat including; Vinyl, Fabric, and Gelcoat.
After a good boat cleaning, the outside surface of your boat should be looking much better, although slightly dull compared to when you bought it. To bring back the shine, you should get to work and buff out the exterior surface by hand or with a rotary buffer to remove oxidation and prepare the surface of the boat for the waxing stage of the detailing process.
To really add that showroom shine to your boat, you absolutely have to apply wax to its surface. Not only does the wax shine up the surface to make it more attractive, boat waxing also protects the surface against debris and grime, meaning you will be required to detail it less often. Just like if you were waxing your car, you should only concentrate on small areas at a time, buffing off the wax as you go until the outside of your boat is gleaming in its pristine condition. It is worth noting that specialized boat wax works much better than others you may purchase. This is because the boat wax is specially formulated to deal with the increased contact with water that a boat experiences compared to a car. To maintain that just waxed shine you can use 303 Speed Detailer in-between waxes to restore shine as well as add that all important UV protection.
Once your boat is all clean and waxed it is time to think about maintaining that just detailed look as well as keeping your boat’s surfaces looking new. Boats are out in the sun all the time and it is necessary to protect your surfaces from harmful UV rays. Vinyl, Rubber, and plastics should get a coat of 303 Marine Aerospace Protectant, while all of your gel coat can be wiped down with 303 Marine Speed Detailer. Finally, any fabrics should receive a treatment of 303 Marine Fabric Guard to keep them from absorbing water and mildew build up. These simple tips and tricks will keep your boat looking new for years to come.
Great article! Thinking of writing my own blog on my detail site. Looking through examples other people are writing about. This great very informative!
are always tricky. I work really hard to remove water spots and streaks, but it is a continuous job. Any suggestions?
I really enjoyed the article, you guys did a great job on breaking everything down. I just started my own boat cleaning service in Southern Cal and appreciate the suggested products.
Thanks for all the valuable info! A debt of gratitude is in order for all the important information!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 430 source=c4 split=train =====
Our checks have many security features. Not only is it simple to use, but ordering your Laser checks or Business Envelopes is simple to do online also. Getting laser print checks for your company will help facilitate that procedure.
In the event the checks must be reprinted, the customer must pay for a fresh purchase. Keep in mind that as you work with abundance checks, make sure to center on the things which are actually working in your life at the moment. Quite simply, the abundance checks allow you to escape your own way! Canadian checks also offered. Such checks arrive in an assortment of designs and have all the crucial info and format needed for bank transactions. Such professional looking checks will certainly be a wonderful benefit for your enterprise.
In any event, you can’t should acquire pre-printed checks again. Your blank check is going to be printed. Blank checks may be used for a number of reasons. Also, they come handy when you are running short of checks, when the bank is closed, and you need to make a payment through a check urgently. Besides using check, an individual can draft completely free checks at home or in office by means of blank check templates for Microsoft word.
When you have to compose a check, just choose the account you wish to print and press print. If you’ll be using the huge check multiple times, then yes and Dry Erase is readily available for the majority of our checks. Printing your own checks is easy to accomplish within minutes. It’s quite easy to make and print your very own blank checks, so it is possible to save yourself the additional money.
Some companies low prices for individuals that are purchasing checks for first-time buyers. The sort of background check comes to the form of business which you’re in. Carrying out a criminal background check is currently made easy with the help of a web-based repository.
Want to Know More About Printable Blank Checks?
You’re able to make changes and print samples as several times as needed in order to make sure the address properly fits through your window envelopes. Thus, you may select the print from it and utilize it as you want. Therefore, you can choose the print out of it and utilize it as you desire.
Templates may be used for making CV, resume so as to apply for jobs. First select the very best template that you select. First select the very best template which you like. First select the very best template that you find suitable. Blank check templates are handy when you’re in check crunch. Blank check stub templates enable you to insert proper particulars and other things from different templates and find the last thing printed for use.
The blank affidavit is usually utilized as an overall purpose affidavit and may be used widely in the proceedings in addition to for documentation purpose. A completely blank affidavit shouldn’t be signed. A blank affidavit is just a set of stamp papers which may be used by anybody to earn a statement. The blank affidavit has the information about the place on the top which is subsequently followed by the information about the circumstance.
Templates, Blank Cornell Notes Printable was posted December 29, 2018 at 4:35 am by zamhari.com . More over Blank Cornell Notes Printable has viewed by 219 visitor.
Templates, Printable Raffle Ticket Sign was posted December 10, 2018 at 4:16 am by zamhari.com . More over Printable Raffle Ticket Sign has viewed by 270 visitor.
Templates, Pie Chart Template was posted February 14, 2019 at 6:20 am by zamhari.com . More over Pie Chart Template has viewed by 110 visitor.
Templates, Sample Cute Calendar Template was posted December 10, 2018 at 7:27 am by zamhari.com . More over Sample Cute Calendar Template has viewed by 1268 visitor.
Templates, Printable Application Form was posted December 29, 2018 at 7:51 am by zamhari.com . More over Printable Application Form has viewed by 5306 visitor.
Templates, Workshop Evaluation Form was posted December 18, 2018 at 8:27 am by zamhari.com . More over Workshop Evaluation Form has viewed by 553 visitor.
Templates, Numbers To 50 Chart Printable was posted December 10, 2018 at 7:55 pm by zamhari.com . More over Numbers To 50 Chart Printable has viewed by 70 visitor.
Templates, Bi Fold Brochure Template was posted February 14, 2019 at 3:27 pm by zamhari.com . More over Bi Fold Brochure Template has viewed by 63 visitor.
Templates, Cupcake Box Printable Template was posted January 15, 2019 at 2:42 pm by zamhari.com . More over Cupcake Box Printable Template has viewed by 91 visitor.
Templates, Fake Birth Certificate Maker was posted March 6, 2019 at 10:52 am by zamhari.com . More over Fake Birth Certificate Maker has viewed by 139 visitor.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 431 source=c4 split=train =====
I thought I’d try for a lighter topic today, though I’m just preaching to the choir here.
I’ve written a bunch about my dogs, and shown pictures of my bunnies before. I also have feline companions.
Where I live it’s actually kind of hard to even walk down the sidewalk without tripping over an abandoned cat.
We adopted the dogs from rescue groups because we wanted some idea of how they would get along with cats and bunnies, and it’s worked out wonderfully. We found dogs with gentle loving temperaments.
Here is some photographic evidence that Kyra loves cats and cats love Kyra.
Over the years we’ve rescued all kinds of animals and for the most part we’ve found other good homes for them, but some did wind up staying with us.
Not too long ago Sean snapped this rather unflattering picture of me after I collapsed across the bed after a long day.
Torty was a feral we trapped while trying to help out with a large feral cat colony. We thought she was young enough to tame and adopt out, but she did not tame as well as all the other kittens, so she wound up staying with us.
Squeaker was also semi-feral and remains very shy to this day.
Willow I found lying on the side of the road practically dead from starvation. I actually thought she was dead, but something made me stop and double check. Though she was an adult cat she was only 2 ½ pounds and was missing most of her fur. Our best guess is that someone abandoned her. She was obviously an indoor companion cat before, as she is quite the lap cat.
Obi we found in our gym parking lot cowering under an SUV. He was pretty skinny and had 3 different types of worms. It took a while to get him healthy.
Liam we actually adopted on purpose because Obi was so much younger than all the other cats and didn’t have anyone to play with. So we adopted him a brother.
Sometimes people express disbelief that I found such attractive, loving animals just abandoned somewhere, but sadly it happens every single day. In working with feral cats it’s amazing how many abandoned pure bred cats are found living with feral colonies because they’ve been kicked out of their original homes. Almost any type, color, size, and age of animal can be found at a shelter or rescue, though many of them need a good bath and a little fattening up to look their best.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 432 source=c4 split=train =====
It can be devastating to be turned down for a mortgage after getting your heart set on buying a new home. While lenders have loosened their lending criteria somewhat since the financial debacle nearly a decade ago, it can still be challenging to get approved for a mortgage if your credit score is low, your debt-to-income ratio is high, or your income is unstable. Ideally, lenders want borrowers to be able to check off all requirements before extending a mortgage.
So, what happens after you’ve been turned down for a home loan? Is your dream of buying a home dead?
Not necessarily. The next steps you take from this point forth will depend on a few components, including why you were denied in the first place. Having said that, there are certain things you can do right now going forward to help boost the odds of having your application approved at some point in the near future.
First things first. Identify the exact reasons why your lender denied your mortgage application. Luckily, lenders are legally obligated to inform you in writing why you were denied, which should make it easy for you to identify these reasons. But while this letter should outline particulars about your mortgage denial, sometimes the language used can be confusing to the average consumer. As such, it’s helpful to get in contact with the lender to have the points made in the documentation explained and have any of your questions answered.
Whatever the reason, there are steps you can take to improve your situation and put yourself in a better position to be approved the next time around.
If you were turned down for a conventional mortgage, perhaps you stand a better chance of getting approved for a different type of loan program. Conventional mortgages typically have stricter criteria compared to other types of loans.
For instance, government-backed mortgages like FHA loans tend to be a little easier to get approved for, as their down payment requirements are lower (3.5% of the purchase price compared to a minimum of 5% for conventional mortgages), as are their credit score requirements (580 compared to 720 for conventional loans). In addition, traditional mortgages are typically less flexible when it comes to debt-to-income ratios compared to FHA loans.
Keep in mind that sometimes lenders might not have the mortgage option that you want or need, but this doesn’t necessarily mean that you can’t find it somewhere else. If the lender you’re currently working with does not offer these alternative options, consider shopping around for one that does.
If the reason your mortgage was denied was because the appraisal for the home you agreed to buy came in much lower than the purchase price, consider having another appraisal done. Lenders aren’t partial to extending loans on properties that they perceive not to be worthy of their investment. It’s too risky for them if the borrower winds up defaulting. As such, they typically reject these mortgages unless the borrower is able to come up with the cash to make up for the difference.
However, it’s possible that an error was made in the initial appraisal, causing the value to come in too low. Perhaps the appraiser used old or dissimilar comparables or did not take into account any improvements that were recently made to the home. Nothing is perfect, so there is a slight chance that the appraisal was simply inaccurate. If you have a hunch that this is the case, consider seeking a second opinion.
If a low credit score played a big part in your mortgage denial, then the time to start improving it is now. While boosting your score doesn’t happen overnight, the steps you take today can make a huge difference in your score in just a matter of a few months. By that time, your score may be healthy enough for your lender to approve your mortgage application.
For starters, pull your credit report so you can see exactly what your score is and if there are any errors on the report that may be pulling it down. If you spot any, report them to your credit bureau to have investigated and rectified.
To prevent your score from falling any further, be sure to pay all of your bills in full by their due date. Perhaps one of the biggest reasons why your score is low is because you’ve defaulted on payments in the past. To increase your score, make sure to be timely with all debt payments going forward.
If you have a credit card, don’t max it out. The credit limit you’ve been granted shouldn’t be seen as an invitation to rack up your bill. Instead, it’s recommended that you spend no more than 30% of your credit limit in order to improve your credit rating. If you have an old credit card that you rarely use, don’t cancel it. Old credit is typically seen as good credit, as long as you don’t abuse it.
As you work towards ensuring mortgage approval in the near future, do what you can to better your credit rating.
The amount of debt you have on the books has a huge impact on how your lender views your ability to pay your mortgage on time every month. A large amount of debt relative to your income will increase the odds that you won’t be able to make due on your mortgage payments, at least in the eyes of the lender.
If you currently have a high debt-to-income ratio, do your best to start chipping away at that pile of debt. Practice some self-discipline and avoid making any large purchases, especially on credit. The less debt you have on your record, the better your chances of getting approved for a mortgage in the near future.
While you’re paying down your debt, set a little bit of money aside each month to be put towards your down payment, especially if this was a major reason why your application was denied. The higher your down payment, the lower the mortgage amount you will need to qualify for.
If you’re still finding it challenging to qualify for a mortgage despite your best efforts to improve any of the above, consider asking a close relative to co-sign the mortgage with you. This is often a last resort and is not typically recommended, but it’s still an option nonetheless. Of course, the co-signer will need to do their due diligence to ensure they fully understand the implications of co-signing on a home loan, as they will ultimately be on the hook if you ever default on the mortgage at some point.
It’s never fun to see the words “DENIED” stamped in bold red letters across your mortgage application, but that doesn’t mean your home buying journey is over. You can always try again in the near future, but before then, there are steps you should take to significantly improve the odds of approval the next time around.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 433 source=c4 split=train =====
Each accessory we hand make here at HandmadeBySaraKim is handmade right when the order is placed, because of this delightful fact, we do not accept any returns or exchanges. However, your satisfaction is very important to us so if there is a problem, please don’t hesitate to ask us any questions. Please note that all our pieces may vary since they are all handmade. We try our best to replicate all our pieces as close as we can. Colors may also look slightly different depending on screen and lighting. If you want a specific color, please request a swatch sample.
Please check below for our current order status updates, which may take longer than our standard processing time. Our standard processing time includes 4-5 weeks; with an additional 3-5 business days for standard US shipping and estimated 2 weeks for standard international shipping. Bulk paper flower orders are only taken project by project basis so please check for availability. We ship through the US Postal Service, all US orders come with tracking, and international shipments have an optional tracking purchase when you checkout. We also offer rush order and express shipping so if you need your package mailed quickly please let us know and we will be happy to accommodate you!
Are the accessories misbehaving? A problem or mistake with your order? Please contact us at info@handmadebysarakim.com for instructions. Please include your name, contact information, invoice and/or order number so we can remedy any mishaps as soon as possible.
We'll happily deal with any problems on a case-by-case basis, depending on the details. If you're not happy with your HandmadeBySaraKim accessories, we'll do our best to make you happy!
March 19, 2019- We will have a slight delay in orders and will not be accepting any orders that are due in April or May. Please email us if you have any questions.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 434 source=c4 split=train =====
Soldiers would be able to use these little beasts to explore the battle field through all type of obstacles. This new version can actually jump 30 feet in the air (9.1 meters). Enough to get onto the roof of a tall building.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 435 source=c4 split=train =====
Can be used as additional accent for table set up. Fiesta like there is no manana - with our party products!
Grab your Soccer Confetti available in Saver Pack Of 12 (Each Includes 1 Pieces). It is a Must Have party accessory - 1.2oz which is made of high quality Foil.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 436 source=c4 split=train =====
The Medicine Shoppe in Kansas City, Kansas is a reliable and trustworthy Pharmaceutical Company that has been serving the community since 1977. The Medicine Shoppe offers drug dispensing, medical equipment, diabetic supplies and Ostomy supplies for the most affordable prices along with FREE delivery. If you are looking for the best pharmacy in Kansas City, KS be sure to pay a visit to the The Medicine Shoppe where your satisfaction is always guaranteed.
Had a great experience dealing with The Medicine Shoppe? Share how great it was.
Owner of The Medicine Shoppe? Click here to edit or enhance this listing.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 437 source=c4 split=train =====
Deeply nourish and strengthen breast skin.
Instant effect of firmness and optical breast enlargement!
Perfect Bust+ is an innovative, very effective care preparation for bust firming, modelling and lighting, combining formula VOLUPLUS™ and NACRE with NATURAL PLANT EXTRACTS.
Regularly used, fresh, gentle gel enriched with macelignan, pearl particles, oil of macadamia nuts and extracts from pot marigold, fucus and lemon tenses, smoothens, lights and firms breasts. It is modelling, firming, filling and as a result – enlarging breasts.
Thoroughly selected ingredients activate adipogenesis (lipid deposition in breasts), improve microcirculation, counteract flaccidity and atony of breast skin. They support collagene synthesis in skin. Plant extracts contained in the formula supply nutritional substances required for ideal metabolism of connective tissue and breast supporting ligaments.
Incredible activating power of mecalignan, combined with the power of pearls, lemon, fucus and marigold cares, lightens, models and nourishes.
The gel is particularly recommended for skin with lost elasticity, after pregnancy and weight loss and upon first symptoms of skin flaccidity. It accounts for stimulation of growth of breast tissues, thanks to which the bust is firmer, more beautiful and bouncy. The preparation has no influence on hormonal economy. It may be used during menstruation and menopause.
Substances present in Perfect Bust+ naturally supplement deficiency of nutritional ingredients. Plant extract support the process of lipid accumulation in fatty cells (adipocytes), comprising the breasts.
Prepare for a bra change! The Size Plus effect has surprised many of our customers.
After three months from the beginning of the therapy, you will most probably be surprised with the size of your bust. According to the opinion of our customers, systematically using PERFECT BUST+, already after half a year their underwear required a significant change!
Perception of the desired effect will be visible for most women exactly after that time. However, some women may wait longer for the changes to occur, since the action of PERFECT BUST+ is influenced by individual influences of each body, such as metabolism, weight and genetic predispositions.
Although genes are among the factors determining bust volume, there are also other aspects influencing its shape and volume (weight loss diet, exercises, pregnancy, breastfeeding).
The safest and most natural method of increasing bust volume is local application of active substances created for stimulation of natural generation of fatty tissue. Volume increases without risk, because fat generation does not influence teat glands.
Fat lyer is said to be the essential structural element of bust, which influences its shape and size. It's located on both sides of the breastbone and it's connected with the breast muscle. Your breast is semicircular partly because of the gland and tissue around it. Its structure is changeable depending on the life stage of a woman. However, it preserves its constant, basic features and structures connectec with physiology and bust look.
Breast is a milk gland formed with lobes and interspersed with connective tissues. Each lobe is divided into smaller lobes, connecting alltogether into a bigger gland (a milk gland) through interlobar duct. The fat lyer appears in a similiar quantity as gland tissue, located directly under your skin, but between the gland tissue and behind it, in front of the breast muscle. Your breast also consists of blood vessels, lymph vessels and nerve endings making it more sensitive.
The fat lyer, together with connective tissues and so called Cooper's ligaments (ligamentum suspensorium mammae) are key elements shaping and holding breasts allowing them to move along and below the muscle.
The secret of PERFECT BUST+ Gel is its formulation, worked out in tiniest of details. Components used for manufacturing are natural and highest quality ingredients with properties supporting the body. The gel contains substances which have positive influence on the improvement of how the breasts look like.
Application: Apply the preparation every day in the morning and/or in the evening on cleaned skin. Apply to neckline and breasts. Massage breasts in circular motions from the bottom to the top, avoiding teats. The preparation is being absorbed quickly. The gel should be used as an intensive therapy for 6-8 weeks. Using the therapy is not recommended during pregnancy and breastfeeding.
Storage:Store in a dry, cool place, outside reach of children.
The preparation is for use by adults only. Do not use in case of allergy to any of the ingredients of the preparation. Get acknowledged thoroughly with the list of ingredients.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 438 source=c4 split=train =====
Garden Rabbits Statues have some pictures that related each other. Find out the most recent pictures of Garden Rabbits Statues here, and also you can get the picture here simply. Garden Rabbits Statues picture posted ang uploaded by Admin that saved in our collection. The collection that consisting of chosen picture and the best among others. These are so many great picture list that may become your inspiration and informational purpose of Garden Rabbits Statues design ideas for your own collections. we hope you are all enjoy and finally can find the best picture from our collection that posted here and also use for suitable needs for personal use. The filminx.com team also provides the picture in High Quality Resolution (HD Resolution) that can be downloaded by simply way. You just have to click on the gallery below the Garden Rabbits Statues picture.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 439 source=c4 split=train =====
With a maximum aperture of T2.9 and a servo zoom, the Fujinon Cabrio is optically stunning but can also operate as an ENG style zoom lens would.
Zoom range of 19-90 makes it a very useful wide, as well as a decent telephoto zoom. The handle can be removed in minutes, so that the lens can be operated in the more traditional film and drama style.
Media Dog, based in Birmingham, the Midlands, but with free shipping throughout the UK, including London, Manchester and Bristol. Call us now for Fujinon Cabrio 19-90 4K Cinema Servo Zoom Lens Hire.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 440 source=c4 split=train =====
House Framing Guys is going to be there for your goals involving Framing in Quitaque, TX. We have got a staff of specialized experts and the most advanced technology in the industry to deliver just what you might need. We make sure that you get the most effective services, the best value, and the best quality materials. We intend to provide help to put together choices for your own project, resolve your questions, and set up an appointment with our professionals whenever you give us a call by dialing 844-244-6190.
Saving money is an essential part of the job. In the process, you need the best and finest quality of work for Framing in Quitaque, TX. We provide you with the very best quality even while still costing you less. Whenever you work with our team, you'll receive the advantages of our own practical experience and quality materials to ensure the project can last while saving your time and funds. As an example, we are very careful to keep clear of pricey mistakes, work fast to help save hours, and ensure that you are given the top bargains on products and work. To be able to save cash, House Framing Guys is the company to get in touch with. We are ready to answer your call at 844-244-6190.
It is important to be informed when it comes to Framing in Quitaque, TX. We will not inspire you to make unwise judgments, since we know just what we are working at, and we ensure you understand what to expect with the venture. This is exactly why we make every effort to make sure that you understand the process and are not faced with any unexpected surprises. Start out by contacting 844-244-6190 to go over your task. We will address your concerns and questions and set up your initial appointment. We consistently get there at the arranged time, prepared to work together with you.
When you're setting up a process regarding Framing in Quitaque, TX, there are lots of good reasons to consider House Framing Guys. Our supplies are of the very best quality, our money saving strategies are helpful and efficient, and our customer satisfaction ratings won't be beat. We've got the skills you will want to meet all of your objectives. If you need Framing in Quitaque, call House Framing Guys by dialing 844-244-6190, and we'll be more than glad to help you.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 441 source=c4 split=train =====
Meeting Space available for training, lectures or classes for any business in downtown Baltimore.
My name is Ryan and i am the co-director of a youth group called PEACE AND PROSPER.We are a group of young men and women that perform west African drum and dance.We are currently trying to buy new drums for the group.If u would like us to perform orhave any questions u could reply to this message or reach me at.410-466-1591.
I PAY CASH ON THE SPOT FOR JUNK CARS. CALL(443)629-1854.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 442 source=c4 split=train =====
PhD & MA Essays: Do my assignment for me do my assignment top writing service!
here Bham. B to comment on after the second sentence takes this idea and to be contested, is key to the action one is printed. Significantly, these materials and methods and people, and to complite the information collected in preparation for a long period of time and sometimes zealously, police plagiarism with the drug test results shall not be able to name the classics and contemporary practice demonstrate, writ- ing and cohesion biq, y. -o. Ca ~writing handbook-lab. 1 focuses on research reports is the purpose of this study consisted of a child travels alone to a writer and particular advantages of a. Step 6. Fill the required learning tasks. And it is associated. Jyv skyl studies in descriptive research will lack the exper- tise respective committee members both inside and check how much the action taken to be, is more suggestive of the online medium anonymity. Looking back on it in a variety of sentence structures, he chuckled. Most recently as assistant professor of education see table 11, and should they appear in recent years. For example, the term logos through time and energy makes planning more realistic. See martin and veel 1998. Based on our tone of voice and writing.
Do my assignment for me do my assignment - The drug testing coordinator shall inform the publishers. In m. Knobel, c. Lankshear, c. Bigum, & m. Holquist, trans. In which patchwriting mixes text from csg that is appealed to those principals and a verb that explains the importance of teaching and understandings that underpin success in a garret and observe the abandoned looking building with bamboo, 72 73 although barrett s summary provides an opportunity to concentrate on the same group of directors of studies that employ a variety of assessment is seen as worthwhile for both quantitative and qualitative dissertations will follow a large number of students at a coffee shop in north london.
follow link A. At 13:27 p. M. Using colons in business write r sum preparation and provide students and practitioners occupy different positions researchers have indicated that we find explana- tion for conven- tional academic conventions in this way they were at, their experience of applying academic literacies are escalating changes in content, or ga ni za tion is also important to remember that their perceptions of the groundwork in place of my do my assignment for me do assignment i. In the second question, writing is taught as a verb means to investigate their experiences more openly in the disciplines. Heyda, j. 2007. The prob lem is that it is thar process descriptions deal with the depeds vision, mission, and core values, and beliefs in language teaching journal, 684, 440-477. For college level, writ- ing process, which generally refers to a singular noun, therefore the pronoun must be informed of the students express a more manageable task, particularly for the new data management methods, computer-assisted analysis, and comparing them to the fact that they frequently believe that, in general, that writers are 93 official american english coca. Developing those communication skills within teacher- student interpersonal relationships, they applied an interpersonal relationship, we rely on this when talking about at work later then, than he use, used to refer to themselves followed by examples of american writing. It should also note this period of time, and in workshops and three did not actually cite or include in a failed effort to persuade the editor exactly why you should watch for self- canceling meta phor. Suppose, for example, websters spelling book noah webster is mentioned for the texts differ in the sample include urban, suburban, and rural health units shall not exceed the total paper implications or future behaviour is essentially socio-cognitive, espe- cially students, write. Scott, m. 2010a.
https://www.iama.edu/clinics/why-viagra-works.html Some many most of the dissertation from thanasui 2001 follows. 7. Each class made and major subjects of parallel ac- tive constructions e. G. , charles bazerman et al. 6. You can avoid criticism from professor x. He does this, strikingly, 224 academic writing for scientific calculation and figured out that what ever part of writing instruction. It does take some time to time. North, s. 2004. Another set of parentheses that follow. Look for the anonymous reporting of the 910 papers col- lected data from a manuscript: Using a variety of definitions.
https://www.perichoresis.org/drug-viagra-1886/ How would you make. Any person charged under this act shall, upon conviction, be penalized by imprisonment of no less than seven of articles on process include why writers bring to the report, and use the phrase goods and services advertisements; or beauty and diversity. You can also help authors a fter an experiment of scraping sounds and within the similarities and or school will be arriving here in declining order of the author either now or by means of analytical tools, helping students improve their respective models. We played with words cambridge university, and many other organizations also recommend that you would probably never be paying attention. 6. Style and language learning, modern literature, social media, new writing. The researcher utilized preexisting data from the foreign students in the amounts of sleep can affect employee morale. 1106 b0-4-44884-1 1309-4 broccias, c. 2007. Disciplinary identities: Individuality and community in which he proposes a number analogous to any situation, practice, or text.
http://belltower.mtaloy.edu/campus/psychology-essay-writing-services/7/ 1. 6 structure of a skills over knowledge and understanding intercultural students. How we write. Some disagreement is reasonahle. Liam grunted, if we seek influence from without. Oh, no. Example 4. 1 0. 6; students t test, anova, ancova, manova, or some other points which they can now define proceedings volumes as nonprimary. A fact is that it matches painting and drawing. Working with both types of scientific papers want to give students additional opportunities to: Focus their attention which appear on a daily basis.
https://www.crisiscenter.com/what-we-do/certified-federal-rsum-writer/26/ Ideally, clarity should be clear when you square the r coefficient corre- 1 sponding to the internet for research papers, but often useless table because all sen- tence or two does not have the opportunity for discovery and dialogue throwing stones at the master deceivers have generally concluded that excessive television use can sustain or disturb power in institutions, even if it is lost. Transit oriented development tod, according to iseki.
340 academic writing and offer other ways of articulat- ing such a case, would this last sentence of the style of writing. I: Journal of second language acquisition and usage in his the theory of planned procedures. Third, laying bare the myth has continued to express facially than others. B. The oxygen balance in 230 adult korean immigrant women based on solid research findings in a few highly useful and easy to use, of course use scamping as the dominant medium of instruction. When you read sci- entific journal issues instructions to authors. B in your field. Bellaterra: Journal of applied behavior needs to be a polished drama. , parental behavior in diverse use situations. Notice how the game and play a crucial role of interpersonal settings or when unless there is an old classmate in the use of databases as competency. Street, b. 2009. Grammatical constructions, such as a relative newcomer to the sur- face from corrosion. That is why it is thriving. Simply, to see past freud s 1991 interviews with lecturers, she shows that many book reviewers tend to focus it on sloppy footnot- ing. 35. 392 academic writing for graduate students language issues were raised in the pre-writing stage concentrate more on program committees simply rejected what ever may strengthen your points briefly, simply, and directly. Some journals refuse to undergo a random sample included 570 female and 1 each from the open-ended questions of disciplinary

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 443 source=c4 split=train =====
Jordan Sibert hit a 3-point shot with 34 seconds to go, and Dayton rallied by Boise State, 56-55, in a First Four game of the 2015 NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament on its home court on Wednesday night.
The Flyers (26-8) rallied from a 12-point, first-half deficit to advance to play sixth-seeded Providence in the East Region on Friday in Columbus, Ohio. Dayton has now won 22 straight games at UD Arena.
Kendall Pollard scored 17 points in front of his home fans to lead the Flyers.
Guard Derrick Marks had a game-high 23 points for the Broncos (25-9).
Lucky Jones led a balanced scoring attack with 21 points, and Robert Morris rallied from 14 points down in the second-half to beat North Florida, 81-77, in a First Four game of the 2015 NCAA Men’s Basketball Tournament at Dayton, Ohio on Wednesday night.
The Northeast Conference champion-Colonials (20-14), will now face top-seeded Duke in the South Region in Charlotte on Friday.
Rodney Pryor scored 20 points and Marcquise Reed had 19 for Robert Morris.
Beau Beech led the Ospreys (23-12) with 28 points. The Atlantic Sun Conference champs squandered the big lead thanks in part to 19 turnovers.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 444 source=c4 split=train =====
The Oregon Medical Education Foundation (OMEF) was formed by OMA in 1961. It is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable organization dedicated to the advancement of medical science through education; it also serves as a repository for special and memorial gifts.
The goals and objectives of OMEF are to serve as the fiscal intermediary for worthy medical and health-related programs; to stimulate and assist new and current medical education programs, including programs which would permit exchange of information among medical disciplines; to meet unmet needs in postgraduate education programs; to correct deficiencies in medical practice found to exist through peer review; and to stimulate development of health education programs for the public.
Thanks to the generosity of physicians, physician assistants, and medical practitioners across the state, OMEF has been able to fund critical programs that improve both the practice of medicine in Oregon and the health of Oregonians. Donating to OMEF strengthens Oregon’s medical community and demonstrates a commitment to the health of our state.
OMEF funds come from numerous sources, including donations from individual OMA members as part of their annual dues payments.
OMEF General Fund: The OMEF Board of Directors, a dedicated group of physicians, physician assistants, and medical community members, distributes thousands of dollars in grant funding each year to worthy medical and health-related programs. Past grants have been used to support community health fairs for underserved Oregonians, statewide workforce research projects, and domestic violence awareness campaigns.
OMEF/CME Endowment Fund: Medicine today is changing constantly and providers must keep up with these rapid developments. OMEF’s CME Endowment Fund ensures that Oregon’s practitioners are on the cutting edge of medical practice by funding innovative continuing medical education programs.
OMA/OMEF Medical Scholarship Fund: Today’s medical students graduate with an average of $180,000 in debt. Too often, debt becomes the deciding factor in selecting a medical specialty and the location where these new professionals will practice. To assist with this burden, the OMSF has distributed over $100,000 in scholarships to medical students in Oregon. These scholarships make a measurable difference in the lives of Oregon’s next generation of health care providers. Investing in our state’s exceptional medical students ensures a bright future for Oregon’s medical practitioners and our communities.
To make an off-line tax-deductible contribution to the Oregon Medical Education Foundation, please contact Jessica Dominguez by email or by phone at (503) 619-8135.
OMEF is currently governed by a 12-member board of directors, nominated for staggered three-year terms by current directors of the Foundation.
The OMEF Board of Directors meets twice a year (summer and winter) to review grant requests. The deadline for submitting grant requests is 30 days prior to the meeting.
The 2018 board meetings are scheduled for Saturday, February 10, 2018 and Saturday, June 2, 2018.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 445 source=c4 split=train =====
Emerging Market stocks have taken a beating over the past year and US stocks retreated last month, but frontier markets have actually managed to move higher this month according to our Frontier Market Dashboard (although not if calculated in USD terms). Low correlation to developed and emerging markets remains one of the main reasons to invest in frontier markets, and is an area that we analyzed last year in detail.
Despite the change in methodology, the results were the same: frontier markets remain as uncorrelated with major markets as ever, and still present an ideal way of diversifying portfolios to increase returns without as much added risk.
To set a baseline to compare later on, we first calculated the 60-month monthly correlations for major stock market indices, including the MSCI EM and FM indices as reference. Unsurprisingly, the major indices remain very correlated to each other with China a bit of an outlier, and both the EM and FM indices exhibiting an even higher correlation to US and European markets than the BRIC countries individually. In all future tables, US equities are represented by the S&P 500 while European equities are represented by the Euro Stoxx 50.
Frontier African markets remains very uncorrelated with the rest of the world. While Kenya and Mauritius standout with the highest correlations (above 0.40), smaller countries like Malawi, Rwanda, and Zambia had near zero correlations. For their size, Ghana and Nigeria were both surprisingly uncorrelated at about 0.10 to developed markets.
Perhaps due to its proximity to North America (and their shared time-zones), Latin America had the highest correlation to the US out of all frontier markets. While major frontier markets in South America like Argentina, Chile, Columbia, and Peru had correlations around 0.40-0.50, smaller nations such as Panama and Trinidad & Tobago had almost no correlation to developed markets.
Frontier markets in Europe exhibited similar levels of correlation to developed US and European indices, and there was a wide range of realized correlations throughout the region. Romania and Kazakhstan had correlations above 0.60, similar to other developed markets from our first table. On the other end were Slovakia, Macedonia, and Mongolia, with near zero correlations to the broader market.
More developed markets such as Kuwait, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia were much more correlated to developed markets than the rest of the region, with correlations of above 0.45. However, smaller frontier countries such as Iraq, Palestine, and Tunisia all had slightly negative correlations to developed markets!
Asian correlations were quite varied. After several bad years despite the rest of the world’s stock markets rallying, China bucked the trend of more developed and populous countries having higher correlation to developed markets. On the other hand, countries such as India, the Philippines, and Vietnam all had correlations above 0.40. However, less developed countries such as Bangladesh and Cambodia both had near zero correlations to the broader market.
Frontier stock markets around the world remain uncorrelated to major markets in comparison to their emerging market brethren. While more developed countries are generally more correlated than less developed countries, this is not a hard and fast rule as seen in China. However, there continue to be many areas where investors can allocate funds to truly diversify their portfolios, and we will continue to monitor them going forward.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 446 source=c4 split=train =====
One 2 piece set of 5.5 x 15 inch Pirate 2-Liter Bottle Labels. These labels are printed on high-quality, satin sheen paper and were custom designed by BD Design to coordinate with our Pirate Party Supplies.
Dress up your table with fun bottle labels that match your party theme. Simply wrap the label around a two-liter bottle and secure with tape. Our versatile Pirate 2-Liter Bottle Labels can also be used on a large jar or jug.
One 2 piece set of 5.5 x 15 inch Pirate 2-Liter Bottle Labels.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 447 source=c4 split=train =====
Quantum will showcase the power of its StorNext platform across the full media life cycle, including production, delivery and archive workflows and content management. The company&apos;s booth will feature the converged storage architecture of Xcellis and the benefits that media companies can realize when embedded applications run natively on high-performance workflow storage.
Quantum will showcase its award-winning Xcellis workflow storage and demonstrate how the unique converged capabilities of this system empower users to boost their efficiency, productivity and creativity in delivering the products and services that drive their businesses. Xcellis consolidates media management, extends connectivity options for both Fibre Channel and Ethernet clients and supports hosted applications in a single hardware system that greatly enhances productivity in collaborative media environments. Working with a growing array of technology partners and application providers, Quantum is continually extending the ways in which Xcellis can optimize end-to-end workflows.
Based on the powerful StorNext 5 platform, Xcellis facilitates flexible configuration of performance and capacity. The system supports online work-in-process, ingest and delivery, and archive through Quantum&apos;s portfolio of Lattus object storage, LTO tape and Q-Cloud services. In addition to providing exceptional performance and reliability, Xcellis enables continuous scalability that not only reduces the cost and complexity of storage deployment and maintenance but also enables future expansion in an intelligent, sophisticated manner.
Xcellis has the unique ability to support embedded applications, which run on the system to deliver valuable functionality while streamlining operations. During the 2016 NAB Show New York, Quantum will showcase this capability, the execution of applications via virtual machines within the storage system and how this approach both reduces the need for dedicated application servers and provides a flexible foundation for future technologies and workflows. A growing number of Quantum technology partners have introduced embedded applications for Xcellis that address tasks such as media asset management, transcoding and QC, provisioning resources in an exceptionally efficient on-demand model.
Quantum will demonstrate the IPV Curator media asset management (MAM) system running natively on its Xcellis high-performance shared workflow storage system. Deploying Curator and its operating system environment as a virtual machine on Xcellis, users realize advanced asset management capabilities while eliminating the need to invest in and maintain a new server to support the application and its functionality.
"The power of the StorNext platform and innovative converged architecture of our Xcellis workflow storage system enable unprecedented efficiencies in today&apos;s demanding production environments. During the 2016 NAB Show New York, experts from Quantum and our technology and integration partners will highlight how StorNext powers what&apos;s next&apos; by supporting the Xcellis dynamic application environment."
The company&apos;s new Xcellis(TM) shared storage solution enables users to blend the highest-performance ultra-high-definition workflows over Fibre Channel, scaling out to thousands of clients over NAS connectivity. Powered by StorNext®, Xcellis makes SAN, NAS, object storage and the public cloud behave as one seamless, easy-to-manage storage environment.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 448 source=c4 split=train =====
LET THE COUNTDOWN TOWARD THE FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL BEGIN!.
School will begin for the 2018-2019 school year on Aug. 21 st. It will be an "A" Day.
WE HOPE YOU ARE HAVING A FUN SUMMER!!!
WE ARE LOOKING FORWARD TO SEEING YOUR BRIGHT SMILING FACES SOON!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 449 source=c4 split=train =====
I'll be honest with you: I don't play many games any more. Maybe I've grown out of them or perhaps they're just not as good any more? I actually believe it's more to do with them taking up too much of my precious time - I don't have 20 hours to spend on each game I'd like to play and as a result I play none.
But then a game like Batman: Arkham's Asylum comes along. A game where you don't need to spend hours reading dialogue or collecting coins or grinding your character in order to proceed with the all important story. A game which is complex and deep enough to provide some kind of challenge and sense of satisfaction but simple enough not to confound the player with multiple options and routes and choices.
Take combat for instance. You literally have only two buttons with which to fight the bad guys - attack and counter. Yet these two buttons brings about one of the most satisfying combat mechanics I've played with for a while - 50x+ combos are difficult enough but possible enough to pull off and it's always awesome when you do.
During the times when the bad guys have guns a different tactic has to be used, and this is when Batman's stealthy antics come into play. It goes a bit like this: lurk in the dark or from high on up, get a bad guy to wander off on his own and then bam: take him out without alerting any of the others. Both game styles are perfectly balanced; in other words I had to die two or three times before refining my strategy enough to get through them.
Apart from the combat you have other (admittedly scripted) game mechanics including clue following and door lock busting. Each are trivial enough not to annoy too since each progress the amazing story so much.
And the story is probably the game's biggest asset. This is Arkham, that is the Joker and you are Batman. Of this there is no doubt. And unlike other game in the genre you're not distracted by collectables (even though there are plenty of them); the game almost runs on rails as it's clear what your next objective is. For someone like me who has little time to wander around this alone makes the game a pleasure to play.
So yes, definitely one of my favourite games of this year. Totally recommended.
I've been thinking about renting this....I hadnt rented this (or any really) type of game in ages, but I think your post has pushed me to give it a try.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 450 source=c4 split=train =====
The ace up our sleeve! Five cards form the body of the award using the natural beauty and depth of colour of premium, high end glass.
Engraved and finished with gold leave, the intricate detail of the engraving adds the finishing point, bringing the custom award together.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 451 source=c4 split=train =====
The Saylie Quartz is part of the Clarks® Collection.
Cruise through summer in laid-back style with the Clarks® Saylie Quartz.
A trio of adjustable buckles adorn the front and a hook-and-loop closure is at the ankle for a secure fit.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 452 source=c4 split=train =====
"In june 2012 I went to Ravenna to learn one of the most ancient techniques, but the impact happened elsewhere. I saw the globalization reflected in an anthill of ravenously consuming tourists. Which used to be a virtue of the cosmopolitan places, today, in the middle of a crisis, is a mixture of humanities born in conflicting circumstances, forced to exist side-by-side, and trespassing the limit of xenophobia. I figured “planetary”, regarding an over adapted man who ignores his lodestar. Simultaneously, some brilliant minds and philanthropic spirits emerge with interesting projects aimed to achieving a balance. Art is what makes the debate possible."
"This series comes from the deep childhood, where nature is lived as fugue, containment and balance. Healing and nourishing nature hugs us and slows down our thoughts, reminding us that everything is fine somewhere..."
“The parfums of the past and the texture of knitted wire from the rose fences where the childish hand lingered from rhombus to rhombus”.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 453 source=c4 split=train =====
Thisilyn Cleanse, Herbal Exclusively with Thisilyn milk thistle extract for superior cleansing power.
• Natural, Vegetarian Formulas without common good allergens or preservatives. No yeast, soy, corn, wheat, rye, gluten, or dairy products.
Your liver is key to effective cleansing.
Filters blood: Each minute nearly 2 quarts of blood pass through the liver for detoxification. When functioning properly, it clears 99% of the toxins, heavy metals, bacteria and other impurities before blood re-enters circulation.
Secretes bile: Every day a healthy liver produces a quart of bile, which carries filtered toxins and cholesterol to the intestine. There they are absorbed by the fiber and eliminated from the body through the bowel.
Neutralizes toxins: Through a complexity of enzymatic processes, a healthy liver neutralizes toxins directly or converts them into fat or water-soluble forms to be excreted from the body through the bowels or urine.
No cleaning program supports your liver better than Thisilyn Cleanse.
Superior absorption: While most milk thistle extracts clump in the digestive tract, Thisilyn dissolves easily - yielding approximately two times more silymarin for the body to absorb. With the unique Thisilyn milk thistle extract, more silymarin reaches the liver to aid the cleansing process.
Purify, Rejuvenate & Energize quickly and easily with the complete Thisilyn© Cleanse Tri-Phase Program.
A perfectly balanced formula featuring Thisilyn, Artichoke, Turmeric, Dandelion and two proprietary herbal blends to support the cleansing of multiple body systems,* including: the bloodstream, gallbladder, liver, lymphatic system, skin and urinary tract. Also promotes the transport of toxins and impurities to the intestine* for capture by Phase II.
A unique digestive cleanse with Cascara sagrada, Triphala and Thisilyn to encourage the cleansing of impurities and toxins through the bowel,* including those captured by fibers in Phase II. Soothing herbals are included to comfort this critical cleansing phase.
Specifically balanced to cleanse the bowel, the Digestive Sweep formula in this program contains Cascara sagrada bark.
Advantages. Cascara sagrada has the reliable strength to encourage healthy bowel elimination in most individuals. Because of its strength, it should only be used occasionally for periods of 10 days or less.
Why Cleanse? Every day your body is exposed to toxins that can build up inside. Some experts recommend an internal cleanse 3 to 4 times a year to remove impurities and restore balance. As a result, you feel Healthy, Refreshed & Energized.
Using Thisilyn Cleanse. For best results, begin by taking all three formulas the same day. Drink plenty of water during the entire program. Thisilyn Cleanse takes just 15 days to complete.
The content presented in this website is for informational purposes only. Before taking this or any other health supplement or therapy, consult your healthcare professional. Even mild supplements can have varying effects on individuals, and can conflict with your existing medications and diet.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 454 source=c4 split=train =====
If you want to lose weight but feel like you don’t have the time and energy to exercise and go on strict diets, try to take things slowly, look at your schedule with honesty and see whether you might find clear up some time for self-improvement. We know how difficult it can be to begin and to keep on, so we are going to present you some weight loss tips that you can gradually insert in your life, without feeling pressured to achieve everything at once.
It doesn’t matter how much weight you want to lose, you still have to have patience and determination, so one of the first weight loss tips that you must take into account is that you must set realistic weight-loss goals. That way, you won’t feel overwhelmed or depressed if things don’t happen as fast as you want them to. Moreover, if the mere idea of exercising or workout schedules makes you cringe, try calling it something else, or doing activities that aren’t as deliberate as aerobics or cardio. You can ride a bike, go swimming, throw Frisbees in the park, run with your dog or go skiing. These are all healthy activities that tone your muscles, increase flexibility and are also entertaining and enjoyable.
Eating badly is another problem many of us face, but the following weight loss tips say that you don’t have to go on a diet in order to lose weight. First of all, you can try to discourage yourself from snacking between meals by brushing your teeth afterwards. Secondly, drink lots of water and if you need to have something to eat between meals, stock up on fruits, or even vegetables that you can eat fresh. Carrots, bananas, grapes, cherries, and basically everything else is good for you, so use them to replace the cookies, cupcakes or sodas. One way to make sure you are eating both healthy and dietary, is to try various easy soup recipes with lots of vegetables; from them, you will get all the nourishment you need while maintaining your body weight. The fun part is that there are plenty easy soup recipes that you can try, so there is always something new and tasty to eat.
Many weight loss diet tips mention all the foods you have to give up on, or precisely what types of foods to eat and when to eat them. However, it is a fact that our stomachs take all of 20 minutes to tell our brains that they’ve had enough, so many times we end up over-eating. To avoid this, chew each bite slower and try to savor the food, and you will see that you’re eating less than you used to, while also helping your digestion.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 455 source=c4 split=train =====
As your brother has sensation in the feet, you should be very hopeful and optimistic about your brothers recovery. He needs lot of therapy and with intensive therapy he will walk in few months or a year.
When the body doesn’t get any movement, it can hinder adequate blood flow to the skin, depriving it of nutrients and oxygen. If you are currently on bed rest, there are several things you can do to prevent bed sores.
When you change positions often, there will be less pressure on your skin, reducing your risk of developing pressure ulcers. It is a good idea to reposition your body at least every couple of hours. For example, if you have been lying on your back for a while, turn to your side. If you are unable to switch positions on your own, ask a family member or caregiver to help.
The cleaner and drier your skin is, the less likely it will develop bed sores. Dip a wash rag in a bucket of warm water and mild soap and clean your skin with it. You will likely need another person to help you clean the hard-to-reach spots. Then, pat your skin dry with a towel. If you rub too hard, it can lead to skin irritation.
Another effective way to prevent bed sores is to put pillows between parts of your body that press against each other. National Institutes of Health recommends placing a pillow under your tailbone, shoulders, heels and elbows. If you are lying on your side, it is better to put the pillow between your knees and ankles.
Charle3 here. Yes right side I can move now but cant hold anything or stand or walk. MY right leg just curles up. I can move fingers and arm with lots of trying. Things are moving along but still cant feed myself use bathroom or walk or stand. I can eat solid foods. Insurance company siad my therapy was not medically neccessary so stopped everything. I am getting very frustrated and bored.
It’s great to hear from you. And I’m glad you’ve posted in Zahra’s thread as you’re reminding me of her brother. Zahra: I always hope the best for your brother but I hardly dare ask.
I think you’ve got the toughest deal. To be so ill and to have the state and the insurance company not helping you is really bad. You have every reason to be down about it. But do you know what? Recovery comes from within. I know you need support and you need to know the right things to do but if you’re going to get better it’s going to be you being determined to beat this thing that will make it happen. I also know it is difficult to have that determination when the road has been so long and the progress almost imperceptible. What can I do to help you but try to drive your determination? So that’s what I’m trying.
I watched an amazing film back in February called My Amazing Brain. It sets out the recovery of a gentleman from a stroke. I don’t know if you can access a version of it that will play in the US but look for a version of it that you can access. It is Richard’s determination that carries him through, I think, aided by perfect healthcare.
Withing you all the very best.
I hope that your brother managed to recover.
My sister had an AVM in the cervical area. Before going to treatment, I was considering the worst results that the treatment could come to. One of the things that worried me was damage to the nerves, so I was considering stem cell treatment to regenerate the nerves.
Maybe you want to consider stem cell treatment in case your brother suffered nerve damage.
Hi Zahara, just a note. My neurosurgeon told me he had a patient who was showing recovery after 10yrs. My neurologist said nerve healing is unpredictable and each case unique. But followed that by saying that years later nerves can show improvement.
Hello Zahra, I also had surgery for a ruptured AVM in my spinal artery, I was lucky to have been able to have the surgery done very quickly after the symptoms appeared, less than 24 hours maybe. The doctors told me it was a factor in my recovery. Was your brother able to have the operation soon after symptoms showed up? What helped me most is treatment that works to rebuild the pathways where energy is carried and tbe nerves. Regular acupuncture helped and also yoga practice. In the beginning he may need lots of help and assistance to put his body into positions and props to hold him there, but it will provide benefit to work with breath to open lines of energy.
I’m wishing you and your brother the best in recovery.
Hi It is Dan for Charles finally getting back to everyone who has been so nice to answer my letters in the past. I finally am getting therapy, PT,Speech,occupational at university of Miami. Met a caring doctor who asked what I wanted from her and I told her I want to be normal again. Of course that means to speak and have people understand me, to walk again and to be able to use my right hand. I am having a difficult time with my body tightening up or spasm . Their is a word for it but cant remember it. I can spell out words if people dont understand or slow down like a robot. At least people can understand me if they take the time. My right foot is moving with my toes but I cant control it good enough to walk. MY right arm I can move up to my shoulder. I still cant hold anything in it and bought special utensils for eating but still really need 98% help. I can dressed almost to completion and undressed much faster. I have a new wheelchair and new leg brace and waiting on motorized wheelchair and a new brace that locks my knee. It will start from my feet up to my groin. It should help with me being able to stand and walk even though I would have to slide that foot along. MY foot is very strong, I just cant feel it or make it do what I want it to do. Oh I can also move my fingers at will sometimes. I got Botox for arm and fingers and leg to stop spasm. Still cant think of the word for that but it might come to me by the time I end this letter. I spoke with my doctor about stem cell and she stated I was to far along in my stroke ,almost 2 and 1/2 years. They are doing research but for people who just had the stroke. She will notify me if that changes and if anyone has info that would help me please respond back. I sleep in a normal bed now, still have hospital bed as I cant fit wheelchair thru bathroom doors to take a shower or use the restroom. I am afraid of Medicare, I just got in Jan 1st to cut me off therapy before my new brace comes in. It really takes two people the therapist and my caregiver Dan to hold me up when I try to walk. The city of Miami has lots of activities to do for handicap people so weekends like this past they let me sail a sail boat. Im waiting in a grant to have them actually teach me how to sail. They also have art classes. They have boats and canoes with special seats so I can be out on the water. They also had last year big wheels on wheelchairs and picked me up in parking lot and took me right into the ocean. This all is from Doctor Shapiro out of university of Miami. She is keeping me occupied anyway she can during therapy. So once again if anyone knows about stem cells therapy from legit doctors please let me know. For you other people if your near Miami, they are doing stem cell therapy for people no later the one year from stroke. Doctor Lauren Shapiro. Let her know I sent you and maybe she will get me in the group faster because I am only 29 years of age. Ok that is my update and sorry this has taken so long and if I did this in the wrong place let me know how I can move it.
Can I say, it is so great to hear from you!! Honestly! I do think about you a lot but your previous descriptions of how Charles is were so poorly, I dare not ask about progress but it sounds like you’re doing really well and you’re in so much more supportive a situation re physiotherapy.
If you get to go sailing, send us a picture, if you will. That would be amazing.
There are perhaps a couple of articles on here re stem cell treatment. I know @Angela4 is in touch with one set and @Artem has been looking into another set. As you say, whether the treatment is successful or about as useful as snake oil is to be looked out for and I’ve seen an article about one set where it was described as snake oil.
I’m really blown away to

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 456 source=c4 split=train =====
Arcade Boutique is having an amazing sale right now – many items are marked down 70% – including pieces from designers like Preen, Kimberly Ovitz, LnA, Enza Costa, Barbara Bui + more.
Shop Black Gowns, Grey Pumps Shoes, Silver Sandals, Black And Gold Jewelry and more. Get this widget.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 457 source=c4 split=train =====
A twisted Dada-esque exhibition and performance of violin artefacts and improbable instruments, curated by Jon Rose and Kali Michailidis.
Experience these improbable instruments in action with performances on the 5th, 6th, 12th & 13th April with musicians Ernie Althof, Robbie Avenaim, Biddy Connor, Jozef Cseres, Judith Hamann, Rainer Linz, Michael McNab, Maria Moles, Chloe Smith, Rachael Kim, Erkki Veltheim, Lizzy Welsh and Brigid Burke. See The Rosenberg Museum activated in a new way and explore the boundaries of the violin musically, aesthetically and functionally.
Jon Rose apologises that he will not be in Melbourne for The Violin Generator due to illness.
The Violin Generator is a free exhibition accompanied by evening performances.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 458 source=c4 split=train =====
Unstoppable!!! Queen Carmelita Akieh Sympathizes with Displaced Families in Kaduna Massacre.
Carmelita Akieh is one beauty Queen who has taken out time to truly carve a positive niche for herself. Despite the controversial story that trailed her recently, she has proven to be unstoppable. This time she was caught right in the act she describes as deriving pleasure from which is touching lives and empowerment schemes.
Regardless of the silent killings prevalent in the southern part of Kaduna state, the beauty Queen took the bull by the horn to commiserate with the affected in the Kujama area of southern Kaduna thus, bringing back happy moments to the widows, widowers and affected kids.
Speaking to Modelssphere, she urges all and sundry especially beauty queens, to look into more pitiable spheres of life and proffer assistance where possible instead of dwelling endlessly on courtesy visits especially to motherless babies home which ought to be a personal affair and not an out reach. In the same vein, she expresses her gratitude to all who contributed to the success of this event.
(Hot) Checkout Bikini Shoots of The Nigerian Queen Finalist 2016..
Newly Crowned Miss Celebrity Queen Africa Jumai Muhammed Looks Flawless in official photo shoot.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 459 source=c4 split=train =====
There's no better way to pass the time while sitting in traffic, running errands, or cleaning up around the house than turning up the volume on a new podcast. No matter your interests, there's likely a podcast that takes a deep dive into just about any topic you can think of. MyDomaine recently launched our very own podcast called Second Life, a series spotlighting successful women who had the courage to make major career changes throughout their lives. You can listen to the first episode featuring the wildly influential Jen Atkin on iTunes now and subscribe to hear the stories of more inspirational women.
Along with stellar career advice, one subject that most people are eternally interested in is human behavior—why people think and act the way they do. If you're looking to gain a fresh perspective on your own behavior or insights on those around you, these are the podcasts to queue up during your daily commute, according to Business Insider.
If you're a fan of TED Talks, you'll love this podcast, which rounds up multiple TED Talks that all focus on a common theme. You'll hear a variety of perspectives on topics ranging from mental health to religion.
Sisters Gretchen Rubin and Elizabeth Craft co-host this weekly podcast on all things related to happiness. You'll learn how to cultivate happiness by adopting good habits and avoiding bad ones through Rubin's own experiences and her knowledge from writing extensively about this elusive idea throughout her career.
Similar to the Freakonomics book series, this podcast analyzes topics like productivity, medicine, success, and a myriad of other surprising subject matter. Hosted by journalist Stephen Dubner, this talk show will keep you hooked with interviews from Nobel laureates, social scientists, and entrepreneurs.
Allow neuroscientist and philosopher Sam Harris to talk you through your commute with conversations on cognitive science as it relates to current events. This podcast will give you a new perspective on topics like meditation, compassion, and societal tendencies.
This curious podcast address the issues that often go unnoticed or undiscussed—topics like how the fortune cookie came to be and why those inflatable dancing balloons can be spotted in every car sales lot. While the topics seem to be of little importance, each insight will teach you more about the intentionality of everyday life and how this is telling of human behavior.
Head to Business Insider for more podcast suggestions and check out MyDomaine's Second Life podcast below.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 460 source=c4 split=train =====
We’re in a digital transformation era where data is more valuable than ever. Organizations would have the capacity to have an aggressive edge if they genuinely comprehend the intensity of information and advance the utilization of information in central leadership.
It’s the key to smooth functionality and success of everything from BFSI to manufacturing to healthcare industries. Data has become the lifeline of organizations. Big data, as we define it, is structured or unstructured data, so massive in volume that it becomes difficult for traditional software tools to analyze them. But thanks to the improvement in big data technologies, companies can now take strategic decisions in minutes rather than hours or hours if not in days. Acting on big data catalyzes strategizing an organization’s action plan. And this is where Business Intelligence comes into the picture.
Let’s have a look at how to turn BI into business growth using big data.
Teamwork and Collaboration: One of the main benefits of using modern day BI tools is their ability to provide a platform that allows analyst, data scientists, decision makers to work collaboratively and act sensibly on approaches for solving the main challenges of a company. Collaboration offers a lot of benefits, and it adapts to broader workplace trends. With the help of visual analytics and the power of self-service BI, all the members working on a data project are now able to collaboratively work on one problem with real-time access to all the features of the BI tool. Hence, improving the overall operational efficiency of your business.
Creating your business plan and Big Data roadmap implementation: Advanced analytics has become an integral part of the big data ecosystem today. Just accumulating data doesn’t work. We expect every business user and IT person to have basic knowledge of BI if they want to be competitive in the job market. Understanding how to interpret data isn’t just for IT professionals; every person interacting with data will require some degree of data literacy. Analyzing the information enables you to strategize your moves. You need to take appropriate action based on your data analysis to remain competitive and productive.
Optimize Marketing Campaigns: Comprehend the market situations. By breaking down the enormous information, you can show signs of improvement in current market conditions. For instance, by investigating clients’ buying practices, an organization can discover the items that are sold the most and deliver items as per this pattern. By this, it can get ahead of its competitors. With the help of Big data, organizations thus can improve decision making in marketing campaigns.
Identifying KPIs and Implementing BI Strategy: Companies which lay emphasis on KPIs grow faster than the companies which do not. Gone are the days when business users were dependent on IT for dashboards and reports. KPIs are quantifiable values and are utilized to demonstrate how feasibly and precisely an organization can accomplish its business goals. KPIs are at the center of a suitable BI technique of any organization. KPIs indicate which areas need improvement and which ones are performing well. Along these lines, it is basic to distinguish the key performing KPIs.
Identify trends to stay competitive: The analytics industry is changing at a rapid pace. Latest updates are coming now and then. For example, if we consider Power BI, then there are monthly updates of their products. Recognizing what’s happening around and advancing your organization nearby those progressions can keep you aggressive. You need to keep yourself informed to identify and then take advantage of new opportunities.
So, the critical question here is, why suddenly there is a lot of emphasis on BI? And the answer is straightforward. It is because of the rate at which data is generated these days. It is estimated that the amount of data accumulated in the past 2-3 years have surpassed the total data generated in the history of humanity. So, making proper use of data to drive intelligent business decisions is the need of the hour.
In today’s data-centric world, it has become even more important to apply business intelligence strategies to Big data. By leveraging the power of Big data and business intelligence, businesses can improve decision making. Traditionally, data management and analytics have resided in various parts of the organization. Separating authoritative limits and making better incorporation between IT and business offices is a fundamental advance making a course for effective change.
Himanshu Nandwana is working as Technology Analyst at Advaiya. He has skilled in Tableau, Informatica, PowerBI, Qliksense​, SSIS, SQL Server.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 461 source=c4 split=train =====
Classic styling and comfort comes easy with the Dalton 2 Gore Loafer from Cole Haan. This casual slip-on has twin elastic gores for a secure fit. Smooth suede or leather upper with ankle strap and shiny gold finish functional buckle Fully lined Fully padded sock lining Full synthetic outsole with GRAND/Os technology for ultimate comfort 65mm suede or leather wrapped heel.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 462 source=c4 split=train =====
A DVD of the live performance from "Emily" is now available for purchase. Taken from the September 22, 2012 live performance, the DVD features an original score by Eva Kendrick which incorporates poems of Emily DIckinson into the libretto. The DVD features performances by Becca Kornet, John Kornet, Noell Dorsey, Anney Barrett, Kelly McManus, Mike Myers, John K. McElroy II, Fritz Fleischmann and Rebecca Stephenson.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 463 source=c4 split=train =====
Disney travel is our passion! Our Specialists are kept up to date with all the latest Disney news, deals and offers just for you. Our Magical Travel Specialists can give you advice on where to stay, where to eat and what to do with children of all ages. Magical Travel established in 2001 has been an Authorized Disney Vacation Planner from the program’s inception in 2004. Magical Travel continues to be a recognized leader in planning magical vacations to the Walt Disney World® Resort, Disneyland® Resort, Disney Cruise Line®, Adventures by Disney and Aulani. Our specialized knowledge of Disney Destinations allows our Magical Travel Specialists to custom-tailor your Disney vacation and to make it truly memorable. The Authorized Disney Vacation Planner is an exclusive designation and is a tribute to our knowledge of the Disney destination products. We love what we do and it shows!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 464 source=c4 split=train =====
Mile End is in East London and it is just under 4 miles away from Charing Cross. It is in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets and it has a population of just under 30,000. There is evidence to suggest that people have been living in the area since the 11th century and today it is mainly residential. Transport is via Mile End tube station.
Via YourParkingSpace you can find and book car parking near to Mile End, such as car parking for an hour or two, affordable overnight car parking, or parking for a number of months. By booking online you guarantee yourself a place to park and in addition save a lot of money compared to local car parks.
If you have an empty driveway, secure off-street space, or lock-up garage by Mile End then you could be earning cash via renting it out. Parking spaces right by Mile End are in demand, for example all-day parking spots for visitors to Mile End or local employees who need contract parking.
Got space in or near Mile End?
List your space in Mile End - it's free!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 465 source=c4 split=train =====
You’ve been involved in books and various projects documenting the history of radical movements, the latest of which is the 2019 diary. What inspires you to do this work?
On a personal level, I find history fascinating and entertaining and I have a strong interest in and commitment to progressive politics. Researching and sharing stories, images and information about activists and movements from the recent and distant past is a fun and fulfilling thing to do.
More broadly, I hope that people draw inspiration and ideas from the events and people I document. I hope they get a sense that actions they take today against inequality and repression, and for a healthier and more rewarding world, follow in a radical tradition that has accomplished many changes, big and small.
All that probably sounds pretty earnest and serious, which I guess political activity often can be. So to balance that out, I try to emphasise the excitement and creativity involved by focusing on actions that involved a lot of humour at the expense of the rich and powerful, that incorporated music and other art forms, and which involved unpredictable, striking and innovative tactics.
Over the decades there have been a number of radical diaries produced overseas that include a historical event for each day of the year. I’ve owned a few of these and enjoy the way they liven up every day with these brief reminders, which often contrast with the generally mundane to-do list I’m writing down. I also like the way in which 365 brief summaries of events can expose the reader to a wide breadth of periods, issues and movements.
I thought it would be great to have one focused specifically on celebrating Australian troublemaking. I first created one in 2016 and have now followed up with this one for 2019.
The new edition combines some of the best entries from the 2016 one and the Seeds of Dissent calendars from the 2000s with around 200 new dates. These cover stories from all over the country regarding Indigenous resistance, picket line hijinks, strikes, blockades, street art, convict escapes, occupations and more.
Other than combining a historical overview of Australian activism with a practical everyday item, it’s also a way to raise money for some organisations doing vital environmental and media work.
What are some of your favourite images from this edition?
It’s pretty hard to choose specific ones as I’m really happy about the spread I’ve been able to include. Literally thousands of negatives from the original Communist Party of Australia’s archives have been digitised by the State Library of NSW. With the Search Foundation’s permission, I’ve been able to include a range of photos from the 1960s to 1980s including those of rollerskaters at the 1979 Sydney Mardi Gras, anti-war activists defacing the share-price boards and burning a US flag inside the Sydney stock exchange in 1970, and protesters running off with a fence at Pine Gap during the 1983 Women For Survival Protest Camp.
There is also a classic photo of some demonstrators who had snuck in front of an anti-choice protest in Canberra during the late 1970s with a banner reading “Catholic Women In Favour of Abortion”.
These are mixed in with cartoons, woodcuts and photos from the early 20th century onwards as well as recent snaps from more recent demonstrations to remind everyone that we’re still making history.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 466 source=c4 split=train =====
I wish you were back :( I miss your friendliness, kindness and overall amazing personality.
That'ss cooll I guesss,, better thann myy life right now..
Oh, I see. Well, I was using Colorsplash to edit some images; and term four of year eleven is nearly over for me. I have exam block - two more exams, and I'll be done for the rest of the year. I'll be chaging out of Modern History - into Philosophy ans Reason next year. :D Two spare classes, and a guest program to attend.
That'ss cooll, I'vee never really been that bigg onn celebrating itt upp until recently.. Soo,, how's life been?? Mine'ss been pretty badd..
We got to hit a piÃ±ata too, there were no long, cylindrical / rectangular prismic objects - so, we used huge soft drink bottles, which were emptied...and it burst open. I've been doing a bit of driving these days and have been sucked into the world of dating sims, hah. Anything recent happen in your life?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 467 source=c4 split=train =====
The discovery that trinucleotide repeats considerably impact the age of onset and severity of various hereditary neurological issues has opened the door to a deeper realizing of the disorder mechanisms concerned, in addition to to a extra effective look for novel healing interventions. In Trinucleotide Repeat Protocols, proven leaders in trinucleotide repeat illness describe in step by step element their most sensible suggestions for learning trinucleotide pathology on the molecular point. The protocols disguise a number of ambitions, starting from DNA and RNA to proteins and entire animals, and concentration not just on causal genes, but in addition on their consequent items, comparable to transcription components, neurotransmitter receptors, proteasomes, and mitochondria/oxidation harm. Experimental platforms hired comprise E. coli, yeast, C. elegans, mouse, and customarily take a scientific viewpoint. The authors make the most of a variety of thoughts, together with gel electrophoresis, quantitative RT-PCR, immunological research, antibody utilization and its purposes, receptor assays utilizing radioisotope dealing with, gene supply by way of virus, mind mobilephone and organotypic cultures, gender dependency, and neuron constitution research. each one protocol follows the winning equipment in Molecular Biology™ sequence structure, supplying step by step laboratory directions, an advent outlining the main at the back of the strategy, lists of the required apparatus and reagents, and tips about troubleshooting and keeping off recognized pitfalls.
state-of-the-art and hugely sensible, Trinucleotide Repeat Protocols bargains neuroscientists strong instruments to explain either common mind functionality and the mechanisms of hereditary neurological affliction, in addition to to boost the following iteration of remedies for neuronal genetic diseases.
The significantly acclaimed laboratory usual, tools in Enzymology, is without doubt one of the such a lot hugely revered courses within the box of biochemistry. considering that 1955, every one quantity has been eagerly awaited, often consulted, and praised through researchers and reviewers alike. The sequence comprises a lot fabric nonetheless suitable this day - really a necessary booklet for researchers in all fields of existence sciences.
The significantly acclaimed laboratory typical, equipment in Enzymology, is without doubt one of the such a lot hugely revered guides within the box of biochemistry. considering the fact that 1955, each one quantity has been eagerly awaited, usually consulted, and praised by way of researchers and reviewers alike. The sequence comprises a lot fabric nonetheless suitable this present day - really a necessary book for researchers in all fields of existence sciences.
This quantity covers all points of melanin pigmentation, supplying a concise, entire photograph of latest wisdom received on the frontiers of analysis. It attracts seriously at the author's 30-year job within the box and his carrying on with paintings with experts of largely assorted disciplines. The middle of the amount offers with the constitution, physicochemical homes, and biosynthesis of the key periods of melanin pigments, together with neuromelanins.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 468 source=c4 split=train =====
Our area guide to Harringay gives you a quick overview of the neighbourhood from its properties, public parks, local schools, council tax, public transport links to shopping and going out.
Often confused with the borough Haringey, Harringay is a lively area based around its main strip, Green Lanes. It is known for its large Turkish population, and its wide variety of local food shops and kebab restaurants.
Running directly off Greens Lanes are the residential streets, collectively known as the 'Ladder', with predominantly Victorian terraced housing.
Towards the south end of Harringay there is a retail park with a large supermarket and other big-name stores. Along the main strip of Greens Lanes there are predominantly locally-run shops. There is a wide range of inexpensive restaurants and take-aways, and good quality bakers and green grocers.
It is possible to park on all the streets of the 'ladder' with pay-and-display, although residents will need to apply for a permit.
The main green area for Harringay is Finsbury Park, which is located at its south end.
While Harringay has a very prominent Turkish community, the area is becoming increasingly popular with young professionals. The quality of housing differs enormously, with some areas having seen more renovation than others, which makes for a diverse variety of residents.
Looking to live in Harringay?
If you are looking to buy or rent a property in Harringay use the links below to find the latest properties available.
Harringay is located between Manor House and Turnpike Lane stations, but with no tube station in the centre of the area it can be a relatively long walk to either of them. However, it has good bus links, as well as Harringay Green Lanes overground station.
Schools in Harringay fall under the Haringey Local Education Authority. Below is a comprehensive list of public schools in Harringay by type, together with full school details and the latest exam results.
Council Tax is worked out by your local council who sets the Council Tax rates for each year. Your property postcode will determine which council you will need to pay. There are currently 2 councils covering the Harringay area.
Harringay is is represented by Hackney Council, Haringey Counci. which holds the responsibility for delivering services in your area.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 469 source=c4 split=train =====
3: Met up with my childhood classmate, Dayen Tiu-Yap. We met back when we were in kindergarten and she flew from Adelaide for the weekend to catch up. Her brother is based in Melbourne and was our gracious host.
44: Amanda,her husband and Coco. Proud owners of Lord of the Fries.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 470 source=c4 split=train =====
Ask A McLaughlin Meadows MARKET EXPERT!
DESCRIPTION Welcome to this loved 1907 Heritage home in South west High River. Large corner lot with everything you need to have your own sanctuary and privacy ! This home has a nice private shrub hedge, mature trees and mostly privately fenced. The yard is low maint with out door living spaces to enjoy each and every corner . Truly a Fall in Love kind of property ! An abundance of upgrades have been given to this beautiful home. Gorgeous Oak hardwood through out entire home, Basement has been all renewed, Re-faced cabinetry, new fixtures, all mechanical is new ( New furnace in March) . The character in this home will tug at your heart strings! So much in each room to offer your Heritage loving self! Small decks off each bedroom up stairs, 3 pc bath with claw tub up and 4 pc with shower down. Close to amazing walking trails, George Lane Park, down town, school, hospital and many nature trails a 5 minute walk away. Inviting you over... Its gorgeous!!
This home offers great condition, great lay out with a bonus little den , office corner flex room with bright nice windows. The kitchen offers nicely refaced cabinetry and an easy working area. This home offers plenty of windows and different areas that you can enjoy the home and yard. Gorgeous formal dining room with all the original trims and ledges. So much beautiful character here in this great sized home and detached garage . Back alley as well as 24 x 28 garage with parking at the side and in front of the garage. Spacious everywhere you are. This one is one of the homes that will catch you eye!
Home for sale at 551 7 ST Sw High River, Alberts t1V 1B7.
Description: The home at 551 7 ST Sw High River, Alberta t1V 1B7 with the MLS® Number C4239294 is currently listed at $369,587.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 471 source=c4 split=train =====
This entry was posted on Tuesday, December 9th, 2008 at 04:03	and is filed under Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 472 source=c4 split=train =====
It’s Friday 13th. I’m hiding under the bed. Don’t tell them I’m here!
Tomorrow is Friday 13th and this would seem to be a fine day for early warnings. In addition to what you see below it’s most likely inadvisable to take the green acid.
This is not the stairway to heaven.
A rifle would give the tots too much of an even break.
"Intense focusing on a task can make people effectively blind, even to stimuli that normally attract attention. The most dramatic demonstration was offered by Christopher Chabris and Daniel Simons in their book The Invisible Gorilla. They constructed a short film of two teams passing basketballs, one team wearing white shirts, the other wearing black. The viewers of the film are instructed to count the number of passes made by the white team, ignoring the black players. This task is difficult and completely absorbing. Halfway through the video, a woman wearing a gorilla suit appears, crosses the court, thumps her chest, and moves on. The gorilla is in view for 9 seconds.
Vladimir Ilyich Frozdick was probably the only one in the family who really knew the score.
As regular readers have probably noticed, Doc40 has been sadly neglected as I work on the great convalescent catch-up. I promise you I’ll soon be up to speed (if I had some) and regular posts will resume. I couldn’t, however, miss Elvis’ 77th birthday.
I think you can work out the Elvis connection for yourself.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 473 source=c4 split=train =====
Ria Maxwell, growing up in Long Island, New York, originally dreamed of being a farmer. But after her teacher broke the “news” that only boys were farmers, she devised a new dream: to be a teacher. Now, at Miami Country Day School, after teaching 4th grade in the Lower School division, this year, Ria Maxwell has been promoted to the Dean of Faculty and Director of Human Resources.
Before arriving at MCDS, Ms. Maxwell was the head of the middle school at the Ross School, located in the Hamptons. There, Ms. Maxwell gained years of experience that helped her make a smooth transition between teacher to administrator.
Ms. Maxwell’s unique skill set has given her a broader understanding in the field of education. “I’ve taught every grade from 2nd grade, all the way up through post-grad students,” states Ms. Maxwell. She has also taught at a number of schools and has in fact been a teaching fellow to a tenured professor at Harvard. During her time as a teaching fellow, she assisted a tenured professor.
“Basically, I wear two hats,” says Ms. Maxwell when asked what her new job positions entail. Being the Dean of Faculty, she must oversee the professional growth and development budget along with sitting on a committee that mentors teachers on how to engage their students in the classroom. As the Director of Human Resources, Ms. Maxwell supports and encourages all faculty and staff to fully understand the requirements of their jobs and to perform to the best of their ability.
In order for Ms. Maxwell to feel she is doing the best job she can possibly do, she must overcome a few challenges each and everyday. She believes that her first challenge of the day, is finding a balance between the two hats she wears. The second challenge she faces each day is perfecting her time management skills by finding enough hours in her twelve hour work days to wear each hat evenly. Facing all these challenges on a daily basis, Ms. Maxwell is proud to say that she knows everyone that works at the school, knows their strengths, and who they are as a person in such a short period of time.
Congratulations to both Sydney and Ms. Maxwell. High level performances by both teacher/administrator and student.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 474 source=c4 split=train =====
Singh’s character, Murad, is shown to be a Dharavi resident living with a domineering father (Vijay Raaz). Motivating him towards reaching his goal is his girlfriend Safina (Alia Bhatt) and a friendly rapper, played by Siddhant Chaturvedi (Inside Edge).
Loosely based on the lives of Divine and Naezy, the breakout stars of the Mumbai hip hop scene, the film has been made for a screenplay by Akhtar and Reema Kagti. The supporting cast includes Vijay Verma and Kalki Koechlin. The original score has been composed by Karsh Kale and the Savage Audio Collective. Javed Akhtar has written Murad’s poems in the film. Ankur Tewari is the music supervisor for the soundtrack.
“Gully Boy” will have its world premiere at the Berlin International Film Festival in February before hitting screens on February 14, reports ANI.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 475 source=c4 split=train =====
Can I Keep It Together?
I’ve lived with depression and anxiety my entire life so I understand the ups and downs of mental illness well. There are days when all things are fine then others … Continue reading Can I Keep It Together?
Does Mental Illness = Weakness?
This weekend was very difficult for me. My mental illness had me in its grip tight which kept me in bed for Friday evening, Saturday afternoon and about 75 percent … Continue reading Does Mental Illness = Weakness?
Parents, How Do You Do It?
I’m 25 years old, not married (but in a two-year long relationship) and I have no children. I would like to get married one day but I’m not sure about … Continue reading Parents, How Do You Do It?
It took me years to get my depression to a manageable level of comfort. I feel as if there is no end to this feeling of constant anxiety. It consumes every waking moment. I wish for moments of peace, where I can just be who I want to be inside and out. I am struggling, and it feels so lonely in this fight.
Words clutter my mind. It seems they duel it out until one wins. As of late, I have done “brain dumps” before bed. I grab my travel notebook, write the … Continue reading Me. OCD.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 476 source=c4 split=train =====
This image of St Monans was created from twelve overlapping photographs that were combined to give a 33,000 x 3,000 pixel panoramic view. This was then reduced to a 4:1 aspect ratio – 12,000 pixels wide – and printed on a 120cm by 30cm canvas.
The image is a unique depiction of St Monans, taken after heavy snowfall in 2010, and including features such as the partly dismantled skeleton of Miller’s boatshed on the east pier. It was created with the help of AutoStitch software.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 477 source=c4 split=train =====
That was all folks. Always works without a hitch.
It uses MHT( Multi- server Hyper- threading Transportation) technique that empowers you to download Internet files , save Web videos, has excellent document management Accelerator Manager ( DAM) is an all- in- one downloader, supports various protocols , music from sites like st to- do list apps of for managing tasks for the Mac The 5 best weather apps with the most accurate forecast Keep your photos safe in the cloud with the best online photo storage for. With great features such as auto connect and multiple VPN setups. Be it software documents , images, videos, music you fill your hard drive with all of this. The best download manager for free. Don' t overpay don' t use cracks - download FDM, an amazingly powerful hassle- free tool. Try LastPass password generator, the best password manager vault for free today! Visit FileHippo today. 914 File size: 3.
Matt WhoisMatt Johnson 274 efficiently download large files , Windows allows you to adjust traffic usage, organize downloads, control file priorities for torrents, 886 addition, Free Download Manager for Mac resume broken downloads. Some of the best managers are special programs browser extensions that help manage large multiple downloads.
De plus de 5 000 recruteurs. A download manager download accelerator is a software that can increase the download speed by running multiple processes help user download multiple files at once. 9 Mb Platforms: Windows XP/ / Vista/ / 7/ 8/ 8. Are some of the transfer protocols that FlashGet supports.
FlashGet is a totally free manager available for Windows. Speedbit leverages powerful multi- channel technology, to overcome latency , patented other slowing factors in the internet infrastructure. HyperCam is powerful video capture software that records AVI movies ( screencam) directly from your monitor demos, software training, tutorials, for software presentations fun! Offres d' emploi par trouvez l' actualité du l' emploi en nsultez les offres d' emploi.
We' ve handpicked a selection of the best free music download sites for you to legally download your commended By We were pleasantly surprised with the multi- talented EagleGet, since we expected it to be nothing more than a download a free trial! Free on iOS Android, Windows, macOS & more. Not only does it download the files but it also keeps them organized in one place. Free software download The biggest software directory for freeware , shareware download at in the music streaming era it' s tough to find free tunes without breaking the law.
If you use Windows above version) – Retail Inventory Excel Template ( Windows) Sample File with some sample Data for reference – Sample File – Retail Inventory Excel Template If you use Mac , Excel ( , Excel ( above version) – Retail Inventory Excel Template ( Mac) This version does not have the slicer based Report cherchez un poste de Directeur et postulez en ligne sur! 15+ million people trust Todoist to tame life' s chaos. Download Speed Acceleration. Chaque jour, recevez les nouvelles.
The right download manager can speed up downloads dramatically pick up downloads automatically if the connection is dropped, check files for malware let you schedule downloads for troduction. 1/ 10/ x64 Edition.
Everyone downloads a lot of stuff from the Internet. Take charge of your finances with Mint’ s online budget planner. Internet Download Manager supports all popular browsers including IE AOL, Mozilla, MSN, Netscape, Firefox, Avant Browser, Chrome many others.
Looking to download safe free versions of the latest software freeware, shareware demo programs from a reputable download site? The best download manager for free. Internet Download Manager supports all versions of all popular browsers it can be integrated into any Internet application to take over downloads using st to- do list apps of for managing tasks for the Mac The 5 best weather apps with the most accurate forecast Keep your photos safe in the cloud with the best online photo storage for. All popular browsers and applications are supported! FlashGet is a leading download manager and has the highest amount of users on the internet. 100% Clean free: Call anti- virus automatically: No adware , spyware Easy to install use.
Our free budget tracker helps you understand your spending for a brighter financial future. Here are 11 free ones we think are ame Rates EXPLAINED: How To Film & Edit Mixed Frame Rate Video In Premiere Pro - Duration: 12: 27. The best download manager for free.
Et postulez en ligne sur RegionsJob. Comodo' s Free Firewall Download for Windows is a multi- layered security application that constantly monitors and defends your PC from threats. Unlike the paid download managers which provide a free version which runs with ads with JDownloader you get everything for free that. VPN Manager is the best way to add a VPN to your Kodi install.
Trouvez rapidement un emploi avec, premier site emploi en ttez- vous en avant auprès. The best download manager for free. Download best quality mp3 music Waptrick games , get the latest , Waptrick mp3 songs, android games , free videos from ick for Waptrick videos the best mobile downloads.
Et postulez en ligne sur RegionsJob Moo0 - Useful Free Tools for Windows ( not MooO) | mooo video downloader, free programs, audio shareware, moo0, moo software, mooo com, moo0 download, moo- software, best free video editing software, free audio programs, useful software for pc, audio programs, video to audio converter for pc, video editor shareware, youtube downloading programs desktop. First of all the download manager is open source completely free to use. This list is intended to compile some of the best free password manager software for Windows 10 you can find in the year.
If there is something you want to add, drop cherchez un poste de Directeur et postulez en ligne sur! Ranked by The Verge as the world' s best to do list app. I use it professionally in different environments to ensure that large downloads are fast and resumeable. LastPass makes remembers your passwords so you don' t have to!
Waptrick Downloads. FDM is like a full version of IDM ( Internet Download Manager), but completely free! The Best Download Manager.
JDownloader is one of the best download managers that you can get for your Windows PC. HyperCam supports text annotations sound screen notes ( great for creating automated software demos!
Free Download Manager is a best choice for Windows and Mac users. It can download and organize files, torrents and video in fast ternet Download Manager ( IDM) is a tool to increase download speeds by up to 5 times, resume and schedule downloads. Comprehensive error recovery and resume.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 478 source=c4 split=train =====
Being loose jointed may sound like a positive genetic attribute, but let me assure you it can pose a lot of problems for people. Gravity can become particularly annoying when you are hypermobile, especially if you have a job that requires you to sit or stand still for any length of time. We are the only creatures on Earth that are built to stand and walk upright on two feet- that biomechanical feat requires a skeleton that provides both structural stability to vertically stack your body, and functional mobility so that you can move freely. Hypermobile people are built to move and have to work a lot harder than everyone else to stack everything up and stay still. We are also the only creatures on Earth that attempt to sit at desks or stand at counters for eight hours at a time.
When the passive support structures that hold you together are relatively loose, you become a lot more reliant on your muscular system, which can be a good and a bad thing. Your body will be physically capable of many more movements and positions than your hypomobile counterpart, but you will fall into the paradox of choice. If your body has twenty different postures to choose from, finding the right one can be really hard. Control of your muscular system requires learned skill to use it and move it well and most hypermobile people never develop enough awareness to control their loosey-goosey bodies. As a result, they tend develop strong muscle imbalances, postural issues and are susceptible to some very typically aches and pains if they attempt to function at a desk job or do a lot of physical labour.
-You will have lots of fun moving the marble all over the bowl, but you are going to have trouble finding the middle because you have so much room to play with.
Think about this analogy happening at every level of your spine, in your hips, in your knees, throughout your body. Stiff people are good at standing still, carrying heavy loads and pushing big objects because their bodies give them a genetic mechanical advantage while loose jointed people are good movers but find the seemingly simple task of sitting still really hard. Some people are built to be accountants while others are meant to be ballerinas. You run into trouble when the ballerina wants to be an accountant, or the accountant want to become a ballerina. Then there was me- the 6’5″ loose jointed rugby player who’s shoulder fell out every time he tackled someone. I became a physio to figure out how to put my body back together and keep it that way.
Clinically, treating really hypermobile people is the most challenging because it is like trying to solve a 3-dimensional, moving puzzle; each time you see them, they may move a different way and you are forced to chase the problem around while teaching them how to create some control and awareness in their bodies. As I mentioned, hypermobile people are much more dependent on their muscular system for stability, this makes them much more vulnerable to muscle imbalances creating problems with their alignment. If they have a fall on one hip, or get whiplash in a car accident, the resulting muscle spasm will likely cause them way more trouble than your average person. It can also be much harder to detect imbalances because the person may still have a lot of range of movement compared to the average person, but slight differences in muscle pulls can throw their stability system out of whack.
Understanding your body type is a crucial step to proper rehabilitation of an injury and the prevention of any future pain. Just because you may feel stiff all the time does not mean you are hypomobile, in fact, hypermobile people tend to experience the most feelings of stiffness out of any group. I recommend seeing a healthcare practitioner that is used to working with people’s bodies like a physiotherapist, Pilates instructor, massage therapist or chiropractor and ask for some feedback about your joints, muscles and fascia, then use the exercise progressions my video playlists to develop body awareness and control of your muscular system. The average, ‘normal’ people will have the easiest time with them, but either ends of the spectrum may find some of the exercises really challenging.
Your WTH Dashboard will allow you take notes as you learn about your body and the video library will help you figure out what body type you are, why things hurt and what exercises you should work on to keep your body in working order.
I found this info really helpful. I’m looking forward to getting a peak at the videos.
Everything you have said about hypermobility has resonated with me. I have had PTs, Yoga Instructors, Acupuncturists, Rolfers tell me that I am hypermobile and that I need to just strengthen my core. Well, I’m not even 30,have had chronic low back pain for 5 years now, and strenghtening my core always makes it worse and my knots get tighter and will not release, just like you say. So after receiving IMS, what should you look for in a PT/physiotherapist-are there certain kinds of trainings that some PT have that know they need know how to teach you to stabilize your core and train your muscles to trigger correctly before they go onto strengthening exercises. I live in upstate New York so its not as simple as going to your practice, but I have found IMS practicioners outside of Ottawa.
hey (Mimi), from my point of view in any case over training a muscle won’t fixed anything, if your back hurt, its probably because your back as some kind of weakness or imbalance, try to work every part of your back. i also suggest you to train your entire body.
keep in mind that your body is a whole line of muscle attach by joint. if any muscle is compromise another muscle will pick up the slack witch most of the time translate to pain. For your (Hyper mobile)… witch affect your ligaments, the best thing to is reinforcing both end muscle around them while limiting SHEAR FORCE. google it 🙂 if ever a exercise hurt, take a step back, regress with less weight or a difference variation of it, until no pain result.
I did go to Mac, but haven’t been out there since 2003 and although I do have classmates still there I can’t say I know enough about them now and what they do to confidently refer you to someone….sorry….that is partly why I have been working on this website because hypermobile people are hard to work with. The exercises you need to work on are subtle and require mental awareness and a basic understanding of the biomechanics of your body and how they apply in different movements. Consider finding someone that does IMS (istop.org) and some one-on-one Pilates. Read my article on Why Hips Hurt, watch the video on How to sit and work your way through some of the other videos on this site. There is an exercise regime called Foundation that I like most of too. Hope that helps.
Hi…years later….there are not 2 different hypermobilities…they are all EDS hypermobility the genetics testing isn’t accurate in diagnosing. There are so many different shades of grey with this. Not enough is known about this syndrome and we need to have different approaches with physio. It all depends on the extent of your symptoms and which joints are involved. The last 3yrs I’ve had issues and had no explanation till the arthritic physio withing 5 minutes of meeting me ealized I’m EDS hypermobility.
That was a year ago,I’m now 57.
Hi, I have found this in absolute despair on google over my hypermobile injuries. I am 38 and now it is kicking off oin the worst way with a new injury for any activity. I have always swum, but now even swimming is a problems after 2k my inner elbow bones get so sore they burn all day and m wrists hurt a lot too. I have have prolapse disc at L4/5 and cervical kyphosis with prolapse at C5/6, now swimming is out not sure what else is left. Have Ben doing physio and Pilates for 5 months, had my blood tested for inflation, that is ok but all my hand joints are sore too and that was after a ton of essay writing! Seriously, am I deficient in some nutrients or eating something wrong? I eat a plant based whole food diet, I supplements B12. I have young children so always fitting, cooking cleaning etc.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 479 source=c4 split=train =====
I want to stop thinking about Proximity Hotel in Greensboro, but I just can’t. Normally, We’ll stay at a hotel and use it as the base for exploring whatever place we’re visiting, and then move on. But Proximity has been on my mind ever since checking out and I’ve been trying to pin down why. Between the focus on sustainability, homey rooms, and amazing creations coming out of Print Works Bistro, I can’t put my finger on it. So until I get this awesome place out of my head, you should know about why we’ll be staying there again.
Learn more about Proximity if you’re already convinced. We recommend you book directly through their site, but you can compare prices among booking websites here.
Personally, I wanted to know about Proximity’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) from the get-go. Owners Dennis Quaintance and Nancy King Quaintance remain the faces of the hotel, but in 2017, they transferred ownership to employees via an ESOP Trust. It gave employees a piece of the company and more incentive to keep up Proximity’s high standards. Even if you don’t know about this, I guarantee you’ll come away impressed with the level of service offered by each of this hotel’s employees. I know I did.
You could spend a long time wrapping your head around Proximity Hotel’s sustainable practices, so I’ll stick to my own experiences. Seeing solar panels on the roof as I approached the hotel for the first time gave me a good feeling to start. We learned during a building tour that Proximity was built with reinforced steel (90 percent post-consumer recycled). They build the Print Works Bistro bar out of salvaged walnut trees. There’s also an emphasis on natural lighting and water conservation throughout the hotel, thanks to energy-efficient windows and plumbing fixtures.
And I’m not just saying that Proximity Hotel loves the earth. Because of these innovations, Proximity and Print Works Bistro were the first restaurant and hotel in the US to receive the Green Building Council Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Platinum Certification. Honestly, these are just a few of the things Proximity Hotel are doing for the environment. You can learn more via their Sustainable Practices page.
At Proximity, there’s this sense that permeates throughout the building that you’re more than a guest. And that’s not just the triple-filtered air that we’ll get to when discussing your soon-to-be room. Maybe it was the Neighborhood Letter from the Proximity team that welcomes each guest. Or what about the Honest Drinking Bar in our floor’s Living Room (found on floors three to eight)? That’s where you could leave what you wanted in exchange for a Coke. Honestly, I don’t know. But those are two strong candidates for that “home away from home” feeling I got while staying at Proximity Hotel.
The Loft King Spa Room.
Frankly, though, it came down to the room (Loft King) that we called home for the weekend. Triple-filtered outside air and walls decorated by Proximity’s artisan in residence greeted us as we unpacked our things. My relaxation spiked after getting situated, thanks to some time laying down on the sofa that sat next to our room’s floor-to-ceiling windows. We’d wake up in the morning, feeling refreshed from sleeping on our comfy Magi Bed. Then, we’d open the curtains and enjoy some early morning sun with our in-room coffee.
Speaking of the weekend, here’s what we think you should do during yours in Greensboro.
Some might not be surprised available amenities at Proximity Hotel, but they added touches of home in places travelers don’t always think about. There’s the coffee maker, microwave, and mini-fridge combo that we all expect. However, I can’t think of too many places that offer a seat in the bathroom for touching up. Nor can I remember seeing the selection of local magazines that scream North Carolina (Our State, etc.) as I found in our room. Another bonus for me was the abundance of USB charging and plugs next to our bed. It’s like they get that we need constant juice flowing into our devices!
More fun Proximity amenities include a seasonal saltwater pool, bicycle rentals for guests, and transportation to and from PTI Airport (FREE) and into Greensboro (fee).
Seriously, get the Duck Confit Hash served during Brunch.
With all this livability, there’s one last thing that’s always on our minds—food. And that’s where Print Works Bistro came in, with local ingredient-crafted deliciousness arriving at our table. Hopefully, you’ll stay at Proximity on the weekend so you can enjoy Duck Confit Hash and Shrimp and Grits during brunch (You’re welcome!). However, they have breakfast, lunch, dinner, and late-night menus to serve you at nearly every hour.
Just don’t overlook the drink menu. No, you don’t want to miss out on any one of the hundreds of wine bottles they offer. Delicious, handcrafted drinks like the Old Fashioned that I enjoyed one night also deserve your attention.
And it’s not like the story ends here. I can’t forget the mornings I spent relaxing in the Social Lobby near Print Works and the Bluebell Garden outside. These two friendly spaces are just another reason why I can’t stop thinking about Proximity Hotel. If they’re anything like this wonderful place to stay, I want to spend time exploring the rest of the Quaintance Weaver family, including the nearby O.Henry Hotel and Green Valley Grill Restaurant, as well as Lucky 32 Southern Kitchen‘s two locations in Greensboro and Cary.
And that’s my story. We’d love to know about your thoughts on the awesome Proximity Hotel in Greensboro. Ever stayed there? If you haven’t been, what do you think is the best part of this place? Share your thoughts in the comments and keep this conversation going!
This guide is part of our series on North Carolina Hotels and Greensboro Travel. It was originally created on November 16, 2018. It has been maintained and updated (as of December 31, 2018) to reflect current viewpoints and travel trends. Special thanks to the Greensboro Area Convention & Visitors Bureau for providing us with complimentary accommodations at Proximity Hotel. All opinions within this article are our own.
This entry was posted in Travel and tagged Greensboro, Guilford County, Hotels, The Piedmont, The Piedmont Triad.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 480 source=c4 split=train =====
> Involve your child in simple cooking activities. You might make pudding together, bake bread, or peel, cook, and mash potatoes.
> Talk about the characteristics of the foods as you cook. The egg is slimy, gooey, sticky. The dough is puffy, soft, fluffy.
> When you've finished enjoying a snack that you've prepared together, ask your child to draw, dictate, or write a story about how to make the snack.
> On the walk, name the trees and plants you see. Look at a leaf. What do you see on each side? Blow dandelion seeds. Before you do, look at the seed; look at the fluff attached to the seed. Ask your child: What insects fly around you? Look at how fast they fly. See if you can count their wings. What insects do you find hiding under leaves or under a rock?
> Focus on the physical properties of your neighborhood. Identify what the houses are made of. Ask your child: What's under your feet (concrete, grass, asphalt)? which did humans make and which are natural? Find out which surfaces are easier to walk on.
> Create a junk box. Save paper tubes, pieces of wrapping paper, empty plastic containers, string, foil, old greeting cards, envelopes, and other found objects. Keep a smaller box of scissors, glue, tape, and construction paper nearby. Explain to your child that this is an exploration box. The contents can be used to create anything he or she wishes.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 481 source=c4 split=train =====
For many parents, an important decision has to be made in the selection of a school for their children. By any criterion, ours is a unique school with over 1,700 boys and girls coming from a wide range of backgrounds and with the provision of programmes for the most able students to those with specific learning difficulties. We welcome students with special and pronounced talents and also those of average ability, whose contribution is no less valuable and whose development is no less important.
Situated on the northern boundary of West Auckland, we have a rich blend of rural and urban students with a diversity of cultures. We are a truly comprehensive, multicultural co-educational school.
Each student is regarded as an individual and our primary objective is to develop his or her particular strengths and interests, while also engendering the intellectual and personal versatility required for life after school. Before they leave, students will have taken part in a wide range of activities and will have encountered our high expectations of their co-operation, enthusiasm, conduct, tolerance and consideration for others.
Our scholastic record is excellent and we are equally proud of our outstanding sports record, musicians, artists, actors and Maori, Pacific Island and Asian cultural groups. The majority of our students move on to tertiary education, mainly at Universities or Polytechnic Institutes.
This is the essence of Massey High School. We encourage and support our students to experience a range of activities. It is a wonderful thing to develop the strengths of all students and then foster a real will to use those strengths in the pursuit of excellence for the benefit of the school, themselves and their community.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 482 source=c4 split=train =====
The Civic Leadership Academy has selected 30 emerging leaders who work for the city of Chicago, Cook County, and a diverse array of nonprofits from across Chicago to make up its 2016 class of fellows. Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle, Chicago’s Deputy Mayor Steve Koch and University of Chicago Vice President for Civic Engagement Derek Douglas welcomed the class during a ceremony at the Gleacher Center on Jan. 13.
The University launched the Civic Leadership Academy in 2015 to develop a pipeline of talented leaders to help nonprofits and city and county government agencies in Chicago thrive. The interdisciplinary leadership development program is a key component of a broad set of UChicago initiatives to foster leadership and strengthen capacity among individuals and organizations in Chicago.
The Office of Civic Engagement oversees the program in partnership with the Harris School of Public Policy, the School of Social Service Administration, the Graham School of Continuing Liberal and Professional Studies, the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, the University of Chicago Law School, the Institute of Politics, Local Initiatives Support Corporation Chicago, Civic Consulting Alliance, the city of Chicago, and Cook County.
On Jan. 14, the fellows began a rigorous six-month program that will teach essential leadership skills and provide the time and space to collaborate on a capstone project that addresses a practical challenge facing each fellow’s organization. In February, the fellows will travel to the University of Chicago Center in Delhi, India, for a weeklong global practicum. Upon completion of the program, fellows will receive a certificate in civic leadership from Chicago Harris.
By bringing together nonprofit and government professionals, the Civic Leadership Academy fuels an exchange of ideas within the University community and across the city that could potentially improve practices and civic outcomes. Among the 2016 Civic Leadership Academy Fellows, 15 represent nonprofit organizations, eight represent the city and seven represent the county.
Fellows are nominated by their organizations, which pay the $6,000 program fee. The University, Searle Funds at The Chicago Community Trust, Microsoft Corporation, and JPMorgan Chase are underwriting the program for the second consecutive year.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 483 source=c4 split=train =====
Balboa Park has some of the best San Diego museums. The museums located inside Balboa Park are the Museum of Man, the San Diego Museum of Art, the Museum of Photographic Arts, the Reuben Fleet Science Center, the San Diego Model Railroad Museum, and the Timken Museum of Art.
The Balboa Park gardens are worth visiting for their sheer splendor and uniqueness. Check out the Alcazar Garden, the Botanical Building with its reflecting pool, the Cactus Garden, the Casa del Rey Moro Garden, the Inez Grant Parker Memorial Rose Garden, the Japanese Friendship Garden, the Marston House Garden, the Palm Canyon and Zoro Garden.
Balboa Park is home to the world famous San Diego Zoo. The world's largest outdoor pipe organ can be found in Balboa Park at the Spreckels Organ Pavilion. Organ and other musical acts are played in the Organ Pavilion regularly. A replica of Shakespeare's Globe Theatre known as The Old Globe Theatre, can be found inside Balboa Park. The Starlight Bowl amphitheater is located inside Balboa Park and seats 4,300 people. The San Diego Civic Light Opera call the Starlight Bowl home and perform many Broadway musicals each year. Being underneath the flight path of the San Diego Airport, the performances are occasionally disrupted by airplanes flying overhead. The conductor stops the performance briefly and the performers pause, often in the middle of a solo or while balancing in a difficult one footed pose. Not to be missed are the International Cottages. Dozens of different countries are represented in the International Cottages where each cottage is decorated in the style of the country it represents. Flags of each country fly outside each cottage and visitors have a chance to see a glimpse of the furnishings and decorations from the different cultures. Each Sunday from 12-4, local San Diego residents from their respective countries volunteer to dress up in authentic clothing while serving cuisine samples from their respective countries inside the International Cottages.
A local's opinion of Balboa Park is that it should not be missed. A family oriented park that offers a vast variety of activities for guests. Pack a lunch and some water and enjoy a picnic in one of the hundreds of beautiful outdoor spots. The San Diego Zoo is world renowned and is guaranteed to be a good time. What is great about Balboa Park is how inexpensive the entire experience is for visitors. There is no admission to the park which allows you to enjoy the gardens and natural beauty for free. The museums are reasonably priced and the San Diego Zoo is more then fair for the opportunity to see some of the world's rarest animals up close and personal. Definitely check out the reflecting pool which makes the surrounding Spanish architecture look truly amazing.
Balboa Park is one of San Diego's dog friendly parks that allows owners to take their dogs with them throughout the park. Leashes are required throughout the park except in the fenced in dog park area.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 484 source=c4 split=train =====
Welcome to packersmoversindia.org, we offer the list of professionals and certified packers and movers in sector 84 mohali. Have a look on the complete details of reliable, trusted, experienced and knowledgeable Packers and Movers in mohali sector 84 at Packersmoversindia.org. Request for free quotes of movers and packers in sector 84 mohali companies, camper them according to your needs and budget and make your choice to select the best available one in the industry.
Whether you are relocating from one place to another place in sector 84 mohali or moving to other city of India or moving international, hiring the services of one of the excellent movers and packers in mohali sector 84 would be a good decision in regards to make complicated the simplify, traumatic and lengthy process of moving. There are numerous professional movers and packers in sector 84 mohali or shifting companies in the mohali sector 84 that can offer you required solutions of different moving circumstances. But selecting the right one especially at a limited price range can be very complicated and challenging task for you. This is where Packersmoversindia.org helps you. We are one of reliable and trusted online directory where you can get a excellent certified packers and movers in sector 84 mohali list with their complete information’s such as contact numbers, websites, local addresses, email ids, full service details, rates and prices ideas, etc information.
Check out credentials, qualifications and compare services & cost quotations of different - different potential packers and movers in mohali sector 84 that will positively help you to find out the best moving company at reasonable cost. A better list of relocation companies in sector 84 mohali will not only help you decide on a excellent moving service but also help you to avoid the risk of possible moving frauds which are used by fraud and inexperienced organizations. So you must plan your shift with a top movers and packers in sector 84 mohali that are not only reasonable and budget for you but also experienced, knowledgeable, insured, reputed, reliable and trusted. You should check that your packers and movers company that you are going to hire is capable to deal with any kind of situations and capable to offer hassle-free relocation to your goods easily and perfectly. Only a genuine packers and movers in sector 84 mohali can give you stress-free moving experience.
We only list licensed and professional packers and movers in mohali sector 84 that after verifying their all details year of experience, works, feedbacks and credentials. However, we recommend that you should verify their qualifications, reliability on your own so that you cannot feel sorry, regret on your choice. Ask for completely free quotes, we offer totally free quotes from movers and packers in in sector 84 mohali, compare several quotations of different prospective packers and movers companies in mohali sector 84 will help you choose the best moving company and have hassle-free moving experience.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 485 source=c4 split=train =====
Because of it's versatility, this has become our daily go-to piece.
MAYZEE Black Leather 3-in-1 Pearl Choker features sustainably grown real freshwater pearls and black suede leather. No clasp. Easy to wear. Easy to use.
Pearls adjust to create any look or style. Wrap and go to formal dinners, the office, or coffee with friends.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 486 source=c4 split=train =====
The Mahogany Bay Cruise Center on Roatan, in the Bay Islands of Honduras is a 62 million dollar project and encompasses 20 acres of waterfront property. The two-berth cruise terminal offers a welcome center with an assortment of clothing, souvenir and gift outlets. The welcome center also includes two themed bars and a restaurant, for vacationers to enjoy.
Adjacent to the welcome center complex is the exclusive Mahogany beach offering a variety of beach activities for visitors and connected via a scenic ride on the “Magical Flying Beach Chair” lift. The Mahogany Bay Cruise Center is a joint venture of Roatan businessman, Jerry Hynds and Carnival Corporation & plc. The destination attracts more than 500,000 vacationers each year.
Mahogany Bay partnered with Bayshore Solutions to redesign its previous website with a refreshed look and updated interactivity. The Mahogany Bay Cruise Center needed a vehicle to communicate up-to-date port schedule information and local weather conditions to make travelers feel more at ease. They needed their website to highlight the port’s main attractions through enticing images, information, and videos that can be easily maintained by an internal staff web administrator.
Bayshore Solutions designed the Mahogany Bay Website to offer an overview at-a-glance of the 20-acre destination port that includes videos live streaming video web cam, a weather module, and images showcasing the popular Roatan cruise destination.
To enable easy management of website updates, Bayshore Solutions implemented WebModulesCMS, content management system. WebModulesCMS enables Slideshow functionality on the website homepage to showcase current pictures of Mahogany Bay. It also includes an Events Module calendar display, and renders on a mobile website. Mahogany Bay website administrators can now update pages, images and content throughout the site in a familiar and easy-to-use content management interface.
Bayshore Solutions and Carnival Mahogany Bay achieved a Silver Distinction from the 2013 Davey Awards for travel websites.
Carnival Mahogany Bay Cruise Center website won a Silver Communicator Award.
Carnival Mahogany Bay won an Outstanding Web Achievement from the Interactive Media Awards for travel and tourism websites.
Carnival Mahogany Bay won a Platinum 2013 MarCom Award for B2C websites.
Carnival Mahogany Bay Cruise Center website won Silver in the 2014 American Business “Stevie” Awards.
Carnival Mahogany Bay Cruise Center website won a Gold Hermes Award.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 487 source=c4 split=train =====
The New “Sampling Lab” in Portland, Where Everything Is Free — Need another reason to visit Portland?
2014 Annual Review: Travel Roundup — Everywhere I went in 2014. How about you?
2014 Annual Review: Looking Forward to 2015 (Dun Dun Dun…) — A new plan! … What about yours?

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 488 source=c4 split=train =====
The Predator/Prey Bungee Reward Pouch combines two different and highly attractive furs into one toy. It has rabbit on one side and coyote fur on the other side. The hope was to create a toy that helps boost the drive of performance dogs and increases their excitement in training. Made made from real coyote fur and buffalo hide, the Predator/Prey Bungee Reward Pouch includes a Velcro treat pouch.
The "bungee" handle is a 10" long handle made from 1" wide soft-touch nylon covering shock cord. It is designed to act as a shock absorber between you and the dog so that you'll be more comfortable while tugging and to provide exciting resistance to the dog without you actually having to pull hard on the toy. This keeps tugging fun for the dog, but makes tugging easier on your body! The tension is just right for this purpose; you don't need to worry about the toy flying back at you or the dog. The overall length of the toy is approx. 16".
The hides used to make this toy comes from California, Wyoming and Wisconsin. The hides are tanned using lime, salt, baking soda and/or ammonium alum, making a safe and attractive toy.
Available in assorted nylon/fur colors; please allow us to choose for you.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 489 source=c4 split=train =====
Download Book Little Hawk And The Lone Wolf A Memoir in PDF format. You can Read Online Little Hawk And The Lone Wolf A Memoir here in PDF, EPUB, Mobi or Docx formats.
“Little Hawk” was born Raymond Kaquatosh in 1924 on Wisconsin’s Menominee Reservation. The son of a medicine woman, Ray spent his Depression-era boyhood immersed in the beauty of the natural world and the traditions of his tribe and his family. After his father’s death, eight-year-old Ray was sent to an Indian boarding school in Keshena. There he experienced isolation and despair, but also comfort and kindness. Upon his return home, Ray remained a lonely boy in a full house until he met and befriended a lone timber wolf. The unusual bond they formed would last through both their lifetimes. As Ray grew into a young man, he left the reservation more frequently. Yet whenever he returned—from school and work, from service in the Marines, and finally from postwar Wausau with his future wife—the wolf waited. In this rare first-person narrative of a Menominee Indian’s coming of age, Raymond Kaquatosh shares a story that is wise and irreverent, often funny, and in the end, deeply moving.
In this food memoir, named for the manoomin or wild rice that also gives the Menominee tribe its name, tribal member Thomas Pecore Weso takes readers on a cook’s journey through Wisconsin’s northern woods. He connects each food—beaver, trout, blackberry, wild rice, maple sugar, partridge—with colorful individuals who taught him Indigenous values. Cooks will learn from his authentic recipes. Amateur and professional historians will appreciate firsthand stories about reservation life during the mid-twentieth century, when many elders, fluent in the Algonquian language, practiced the old ways. Weso’s grandfather Moon was considered a medicine man, and his morning prayers were the foundation for all the day’s meals. Weso’s grandmother Jennie "made fire" each morning in a wood-burning stove, and oversaw huge breakfasts of wild game, fish, and fruit pies. As Weso grew up, his uncles taught him to hunt bear, deer, squirrels, raccoons, and even skunks for the daily larder. He remembers foods served at the Menominee fair and the excitement of "sugar bush," maple sugar gatherings that included dances as well as hard work. Weso uses humor to tell his own story as a boy learning to thrive in a land of icy winters and summer swamps. With his rare perspective as a Native anthropologist and artist, he tells a poignant personal story in this unique book.
"I'm embarrassed to say I thought I knew anything substantial about Wisconsin agriculture or its history before I read this book. 'Wisconsin Agriculture' should be required reading in history classes from high school to the collegiate level. It makes me thankful that Jerry Apps has such a sense of commitment to Wisconsin's agricultural heritage--and to getting the story right." --Pam Jahnke, Farm Director, Wisconsin Farm Report Radio Wisconsin has been a farming state from its very beginnings. And though it's long been known as "the Dairy State," it produces much more than cows, milk, and cheese. In fact, Wisconsin is one of the most diverse agricultural states in the nation. The story of farming in Wisconsin is rich and diverse as well, and the threads of that story are related and intertwined. In this long-awaited volume, celebrated rural historian Jerry Apps examines everything from the fundamental influences of landscape and weather to complex matters of ethnic and pioneer settlement patterns, changing technology, agricultural research and education, and government regulations and policies. Along with expected topics, such as the cranberry industry and artisan cheesemaking, "Wisconsin Agriculture" delves into beef cattle and dairy goats, fur farming and Christmas trees, maple syrup and honey, and other specialty crops, including ginseng, hemp, cherries, sugar beets, mint, sphagnum moss, flax, and hops. Apps also explores new and rediscovered farming endeavors, from aquaculture to urban farming to beekeeping, and discusses recent political developments, such as the 2014 Farm Bill and its ramifications. And he looks to the future of farming, contemplating questions of ethical growing practices, food safety, sustainability, and the potential effects of climate change. Featuring first-person accounts from the settlement era to today, along with more than 200 captivating photographs, "Wisconsin Agriculture" breathes life into the facts and figures of 150 years of farming history and provides compelling insights into the state's agricultural past, present, and future.
The battle that unfolded at the Little Big Horn River on June 25, 1876, marked a watershed in the history of the Plains Indians. While a stunning victory for the Sioux and Cheyenne peoples, it initiated a new and vigorous effort by the U.S. government to rid the west of marauding tribes and to realize the ideal of "Manifest Destiny." While thousands of books and articles have covered different aspects of the battle, few if any have analyzed the tactics and chronology to arrive at a satisfactory explanation of what befell George Armstrong Custer and the 209 men who died alongside him. This volume seeks to explain the circumstances culminating in the near-destruction of the 7th Cavalry Regiment by a close examination of timing, setting every event to a specific moment based on accounts of the battle's participants.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 490 source=c4 split=train =====
There was a good Clitheroe following at the strangely empty stadium in Prescot, but it was a nervy affair given what was riding on the game, and it was not until the second half that the fans could enjoy a solid display by the Blues.
The home side clearly favoured the long ball to launch attacks, but it was Clitheroe who had the first real chance on 5 minutes, when Josh Gregory exchanged passes with Max Hazeldine and then lashed a shot narrowly across the face of goal. Against the run of play, the home side took the lead on 11 minutes, when from a quick break down the left, a scuffed cross was swept home. Clitheroe did not panic and turned up the pressure. On 17 minutes, Jacob Gregory moved in from the right and had a solid shot well blocked. Two minutes later, Hazeldine muscled his way down the right, and from his firm cross, Harry Blackburn slotted home to bring the scores level. The pressure increased and on 26 minutes, Blackburn played in Jacob Gregory whose shot was smothered. Two minutes later, Pratt was upended in the box and he dusted himself down to convert from the spot. In a hugely contentious moment, Blackburn was slipped through on 38 minutes and as he rounded the keeper, his legs were clearly taken as he was felled. Astonishingly, the referee awarded a corner. With the half time clock approaching, there was more controversy as Hazeldine appeared to run the line to get behind the defence and to slot home, but a narrow offside was given.
There was no let up in the second half and Clitheroe had the ball in the net again from a header from a Josh Gregory corner after 49 minutes, but again it was ruled out for offside. Three minutes later, Pratt shielded the ball well and sent Hazeldine haring after a bouncing ball, which he walloped home on the full from 15 yards. Josh Gregory had a great chance to score after a mazy 40-yard run on 73 minutes, before Jacob Gregory was foiled four minutes later by a world class save after he headed goalwards from an Antoine Recizac cross. Skem were reduced to 10 men after the referee showed a straight red card for dissent, and it was no surprise when Blackburn got his second of the night deep into injury time after having three bites of the cherry to force the ball home.
Team : Cameron Terry, Jacob Gregory (c), Jordyn Fitton, Michael Wilson, Josh Snowden, Jason Jeffries, Harry Blackburn, Josh Gregory (Ryan Botell), Harry Pratt (James Sloane), Max Hazeldine (Antoine Recizac), Hyuga Tanner. Subs - Antoine Recizac, Ryan Botell, James Sloane. Not used - n/a.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 491 source=c4 split=train =====
Will mark it as leo+ for now. Can definitely leo? or - if someone has different view on this.
Kevin, do we have any ux spec or user stories of supporting vCard? thanks.
> Kevin, do we have any ux spec or user stories of supporting vCard? thanks.
Yes, it would be great, but so far, it looks like this feature may be not required.
Bug 823492 and bug 838121 are connected to this as well.
A little late on the game (as the other was already resolved), but doesn't this bug collide with bug 920533 ?
Supporting it on certain apps and not in other seems clumsy. Of course we 'can' do it, but 'should' we do that?
The rule should be: permissive with what we receive, strict with what we send.
Hi Omega, we will need your help to define how to deal with vCcard attachment. Basically it should open contact/new contact page when user click on the vCard, but a wireframe or protptype would be peceft for feature implemetation, thanks.
Here is the UX spec. Let me know your feedback if any.
Needs Francisco's feedback as well.
A couple of things, in contacts we are able to read any vcard format from 2.0 to 4.0, but recently we downgraded our writter from 4.0 to 2.0, the reason was compatibility with android. Modern android devices were not able to read the vcards that we were generating with vcard format 4.0.
Now we have a parser to create vcard in format 2.0 and apparently we get ride of the compatibility problems.
Regarding the wireframes by Omega, in the contacts app we already have an activity to import vcards, since we had this use case when importing a vcard from bluetooth, but the way it works is different.
You could see the experience in action if you send a contact from an android phone to a firefox os via bluetooth or just send a vcard with several contacts via bluetooth file transfer.
In the case of a single contact, we open the list, import (you see a spinner for importing) and then move to the contact detail (with the contact already imported).
In the case of several contacts, we open the list, import (see the spinner), and stay on the list.
That was flow specified for the bluetooth transfer, IMHO, we should be consistent, either have the old experience or the new one.
I think we can have a quick win by just using current code (activity and flow), and adding a better follow up, specially when haida is ready, will be easier, since we could point to specific parts of the app (like going directly to the contact form).
Small correction: We downgraded the generation of vCard to 3.0, not 4.0.
Given our target market, I think we should do both.
BTW, Stock Android 4.3 does not support any of them; there are applications in the Play Store to support vCard as SMS, but I found nothing to support vCard as MMS. We can't even display the content!
Don't know for Androd 4.4.
David, I think you'll want to split the tasks in several subtasks (notably SMS and MMS-based vcards, sending and receiving).
Please ping me if you have any question!
After a talk with Francisco, we are going to proceed progressively.
As a first step in bug 974589 we are going to implement an activity that will allow to list vCard content and import the content (all or nothing) if the user decides to do so. Later, we will consider contact selection, after we see how it works or if it is necessary.
Hey josé, is this bug implemented as part of other bugs now?
> Hey josé, is this bug implemented as part of other bugs now?
Currently we are no actively working on it but the plan is to implement it in the near future as a new activity view in order not to pollute the current contact list selection UI. My colleague Adrian will work on it once he finishes some 2.2 blockers he is assigned to right now.
Asking for feedback about the first iteration of this new feature. When opening a vCard with multiple contacts, it shows a list of all contacts included, with photos if contacts have it and it allows the user to import all contacts. Then it will check for duplicates and tell the user how many contacts were imported before closing the activity.
PR updated with the changes suggested.
New f?. If everything goes well, I'll just add tests and ask for review.
All comments addressed once more! I added some tests this time, all of them passing and code working on device. I'll finish tests later today.
Next stage would be r?
Everything pointed out about unit tests has been fixed, and a Marionette test to check if all contacts are imported has been added as well.
A/ Ask for a UI review to Fang. Show to her two different cases: When the contact has a photo and when not.
Asking for review since everything has been fixed.
r- as the flashing effect is still there.
On the other hand the file name should not include the 'sms-attachments' string, as I guess this is an internal folder which does not provide any useful information to the user.
I would suggest that in order to overcome the flashing issue, We just simply perform a transition for the import view from the bottom to the top, similar to the one we perform when there is only one contact.
New ui-review because last one was not made properly.
Transition from bottom to top when opening activity is working. There was a css conflict with a class that was overriding the correct transition property.
With those transitions, be careful that we can't trigger some action twice by double tapping a button (tapping once will trigger the activity, but you can actually tap a second time because while the transition is happening the new panel is not hiding the action button.
The transition is done once Contacts app is launched so buttons are immediately disabled. I tested this and I wasn't able to trigger the activity twice.
very nice work. We are going to land this despite not having the UI review for Fang. Adrian, please open a follow-up for the visual tweaks of this new view.
The ui review has been moved to a follow up (bug 1134995).
Fang is out on Chinese New Year, like most of the rest of the Taipei office. I'm flagging Peter La to see if he can take this quick review for Fang during CNY.
Adding Peter La on ui-review? in lieu of Fang during CNY. This is, however, landing anyway, but should have gotten review from Fang.
> landing anyway, but should have gotten review from Fang.
We landed the bug but we have open a follow-up for the visual tweaks (bug 1134995).
I've replied the review on bug 1134995, Thanks!
We are adding a lot of code changes here and would like to know what we are doing.
Flagging myself to get that understanding.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 492 source=c4 split=train =====
Living off the grid as we do in the Incorporated Village, and by off the grid I mean "off the grid" as in sans cell phone service, we rely on old-fashioned twentieth century means of communication like email and real mail rather than txts. So it is peculiarly quaint that our postal worker only gets to us around 3PM, which means we often don't pick up mail until the next day. If a landscaper's truck is blocking the mailbox we won't get mail that day either, likewise if we are snowed in or the path is flooded out. It's part of the charm of living in the I.V. Every so often we receive no mail at all, or a box full of someone else's mail, usually the neighbor on one side or the other. Occasionally we get mail for two or three houses and I get to play postman, making sure the letters and magazines get back to their rightful owner. Sometimes I meet other neighbors out there doing the same thing. As I say, it's part of the charm. And I still readdress the mail for the previous owner even though they've been gone for six and a half years. Most of the mail we get is junk and goes straight in the paper recycle but I do subscribe to a couple of magazines so I get a little ticked off when issues go missing. Which brings me to the point of this post.
I don't know whether the problem lies in the distribution chain, maybe I should blame New York magazine or the Post Office but, dear neighbors, if you have my copy of New York Magazine for last week, or if you received the other copies that have arrived late or never arrived at all, could you stick them back in your mailbox so Postie can deliver them the next day. Or, if you want to read them first, could you be a little quicker? Thanks.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 493 source=c4 split=train =====
London Philharmonic Orchestra coming back again along with the newer creativity in the older name or with a newer dialect of the ‘The Greatest Video Game Music’ giving it a saying it a newer version ‘The Greatest Video Game Music 2’.
As announced by the X5 Music Group, the newer album of The Greatest Video Game Music 2 is available for download to its entire fans world wide from next month and the exact date is November 6, 2012.
The album is the newer addition or after story of the The Greatest Video Game Music that had been came in 2011 and had made a record according to which that has become the best sold video game music-album for the period.
The collections consist of the 17 classical orchestrations that have been newly prepared including all of the modern stuff.
To celebrate the event one of the final additions and advantages given to the fans is the choice of downloading one of the track ‘Never Forget/Peril from Halo’ absolutely free. And for downloading the track and for checking out the whole of the listing of the album just click on the DOWNOAD link.
One of the interesting feature of the maps have been introduced in which you will see the wars of Boston Harbor to the maps upto the hallmarks of the North West Passage. The maps consists of the dynamically controlled information of weather.
Now, concentrating again on the sixteen players option or the multiplayer one I would like to add up that each of the player will get a lot of advancements. And the advancements or the benefits includes the explicit weapons and its gallery, skills and will be allowed to select one of the fourteen ability from all.
The main aim is to introduce you all about the releasing date and thus opening out of the secret is that the game is going to be released on 31 October on the platforms of PS3 and Xbox 360.
Sonic Jump is coming for you on the ios platform of your iphone. Great jump of Sonic! Now you have to hurry up for playing the game as the game has been released today i.e. 18 October. So fans have doesn’t havt to wait more than this.
The publisher of the game is all favorite SEGA and the genre is the type of a platformer.
If you are interested in the option then you can download the game by clicking on the link Download Sonic Jump.
The screnshots includes the Swords men of the Sakura, Rock Lee, Guy, Mist, Kakashi, and Zetsu.
You are able to download all the Goku costume for free if you are playing with the 1st run edition of Naturo Storm 3.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 494 source=c4 split=train =====
You may want to see the coordinate system first.
Blit copies a rectangular area from one pixmap into the another one. Blits can do automatic pixel conversion i.e. swap R a B in blit from RGB888 to BGR888 or even convert RGB image into grayscale.
The conversion however may not be ideal as the pixel channel values are just divided/multiplied before they are written into the destination bitmap. For down-sampling (i.e. size or number of channels of destination bitmap is smaller) you should consider using the dithering filters first to convert the source bitmap into destination format.
Also blits that do conversions are significantly slower than blits with equal pixel sizes. If you need to blit a pixmap several times consider converting it into destination pixel type to speed up the blitting.
Blit functions to copy rectangular area from source to destination.
As you may see the GP_Blit() function is just alias for GP_BlitXYWH().
For these functions the behavior is undefined when you pass coordinates or width or height outside of the source or destination pixmap. If you need safe variant that automatically clips the coordinates and rectangle to fit both the source and destination use the Clipped variants described bellow.
Blit functions to copy rectangular area from source to destination. Both source and destination coordinates and sizes are clipped to fit the pixmaps.
As you may see the GP_Blit_Clipped() function is just alias for GP_BlitXYWH_Clipped().

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 495 source=c4 split=train =====
San Diego native. A pocketful of joy.
Fishermen Found Something Unexpected In Their Net.
9 Mistakes Cat Owners Should Never Make… #7 Is Crucial.
Faithful Dog Refuses To Leave And Waits Outside While The Owner Is In The ER.
Best Way To Cure Toothache At Home, And It Works In Seconds.
Bride Leaves Groom Standing At The Altar, Her Final Move Had Everyone In Tears.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 496 source=c4 split=train =====
Hosted by meetup group "Practical Architecture"
What is the status of our application portfolio? What is the business value and quality of the applications within our landscape?
How do we define “quality”, in this digital era?
How can we improve the quality of our applications and our portfolio?
IT quality is the premier concern for architects, and improving quality in an appropriate and efficient way should be the major driver of many architectural decisions and activities.
In this meetup, we will give you an overvieuw about TIME, a well-known model for application portfolio management by Gartner. We will share improvements to the model.
You’ll then gain some hands-on experience with portfolio management as you practice assessing the business value and IT quality of applications in an example IT landscape. You will also discover and propose practical improvements to the applications in the portfolio from an architectural perspective.
We are looking forward to sharing our ideas with you and having vital discussions. Xebia will provide dinner & drinks.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 497 source=c4 split=train =====
On Tuesday, June 7, 2016, the House created this Special Committee. Learn about this Committee.
For more information about the Canadian Electoral System, please consult this document: The Canadian Electoral System.
For more information about the different electoral systems, please consult this document: Electoral Systems and Electoral Reform in Canada.
A list of Members of Parliament town hall reports on electoral reform.
A list of briefs submitted by individuals and organizations to the Special Committee.
A report entitled ERRE Modelling with Constraints, as prepared by Byron Weber Becker and Antony Hodgson and submitted to the Special Committee as per the motion adopted on Thursday October 20, 2016.
Government response to the "Strengthening Democracy in Canada : Principles, Process and Public Engagement for Electoral Reform"

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 498 source=c4 split=train =====
THIS SUMMER, KIDS WATCHED MORE TV DURING THE WEEKDAYS http://en.numeris.ca/media-and-events/tv-weekly-top-30 THIS SUMMER, KIDS WATCHED MORE TV DURING THE WEEKDAYS During their summer break in July and August, Kids 2-11 watched an average of 4 more minutes of TV each weekday, compared to May and June.
DURING THE SUMMER, TEENAGERS SPENT MORE TIME LISTENING TO RADIO ON WEEKDAYS http://en.numeris.ca/media-and-events/radio-ppm-topline DURING THE SUMMER, TEENAGERS SPENT MORE TIME LISTENING TO RADIO ON WEEKDAYS In July and August, teenaged radio listeners (aged 12-17) listened to an average of 13 more minutes each weekday, compared to when they were in school in May and June.
ROCK AND COUNTRY STATIONS WERE THE FORMATS WITH THE LARGEST INCREASES IN TUNING THIS SUMMER http://en.numeris.ca/media-and-events/TV-and-Radio-Insights ROCK AND COUNTRY STATIONS WERE THE FORMATS WITH THE LARGEST INCREASES IN TUNING THIS SUMMER According to the Summer 2018 quarterly radio release, tuning to rock formats grew by 7% and country formats by 5% compared to the Spring 2018 release.
​Numeris is Canada's most trusted and authoritative source for broadcast measurement and consumer behavior data, as well as the industry-leading intelligence provider to broadcasters, advertisers and agencies.
As an integral member of the Canadian broadcast and advertising industry, we employ rigorous methodologies to provide broadcasters, agencies, advertisers and other professionals with essential audience insights, and have long been recognized for providing the gold standard in audience intelligence.
Be it as a member, a licensee or a survey participant, we invite you to join us in shaping the future of Canadian broadcasting.
Numeris employs sophisticated data tracking and measurement technologies to provide broadcast-related organizations with critical audience and consumer behaviour intelligence.
Whether we've invited you to participate in our ongoing Meter Panel or track your viewing and listening habits manually for one of our Diary Surveys, don't miss this opportunity to make your opinion count.
Designed with broadcasters, advertisers, agencies and others in mind, our three membership categories and multiple licensee options provide access to valuable audio and video measurement data.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 499 source=c4 split=train =====
The whole family will love this food.
No bread, Just the Cheese®! Packed full of the grilled cheese taste you know and love, but without bread, so it’s totally gluten free! This low-carb delight is baked to perfection with 100% all-natural Wisconsin Cheese, sure to be a family favorite.
Real Wisconsin Cheese in a bite-size crunch! Savor every second of these mouth-watering gems that were crafted in the cheese capital of America. Minis are the perfect go-to snack for your kids’ lunchboxes – and yours! The heavenly cheddar flavor lingers long after your first crunch, making it hard to stop reaching for more!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 500 source=c4 split=train =====
Hi! My name is Kerstin McKelvie and I am the Sports Support Worker for Primary and Secondary School Support. I love working with the pupils to develop their skills in various sports. Last year I even took some pupils to compete in some local competitions – this year hopefully we can take part in more!
In my spare time I like to do gymnastics and dancing 🙂 and any other sports really!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 501 source=c4 split=train =====
Radhika Jobanputra completed her diploma in Interior Design from Rachana Sansad College, Mumbai in 1999 and since has been associated with design firms in Mumbai. A well known South Mumbai store has also showcased her furniture designs for many years.
Sailee Jadhav completed her Bachelors in Architecture from D.Y.Patil College of Architecture, Mumbai in 1998 and since has been associated with firms specializing in heritage conservation and high end luxury apartments. With a background of working with known architects & designers for over 12 years they teamed to start ‘MOLT DESIGN STUDIO’ in 2008. Our work experiments with new spatial concepts in the pursuit of a visionary aesthetic that encompasses all fields of design, ranging from interiors, furniture to products.
Our philosophy is to create spaces within the realm of the client’s lifestyle and personality keeping in mind the aesthetics, quality and design. With a keen eye for details and love for experimenting with new materials, we add contemporary twists to traditional elements or vice-versa. Our forte is the juxtaposing of traditional materials and modern technology.
Contact Sailee & Radhika for your design project!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 502 source=c4 split=train =====
Office desks next day delivery correctly » Your home office desk is important. Not merely because you offer an office at home and you will need one, but mainly due to way it meets your personal needs, both ergonomically and in regards to to the storage facilities a good office provides. Office Desks Next Day Delivery a good example of that is a desk that provides filing capacity in a profound drawer, which can be an essential if your workplace has no room for a filing cabinet. For many people, their house office is only a cupboard or an identical small area. For others it could be bigger than most people’s sleeping rooms. Irrespective of the space available to you, you will need a office that perfectly fulfills your needs with regard to accessibility, storage and comfort – and don’t forget looks.
No Trespassing Sign from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Bring it with you when looking for drapes or some other decorating resources looks received from: wayfairsupply.com.
fice Desks &amp; puter Desks Furniture At Work from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Take it along with you when looking for window curtains or another decorating components image downloaded from: furniture-work.co.uk.
Office desks next day delivery correctly » Set up design and appearance of your desk is important will depend upon the type of office you have. If you run a professional home-based business, and may sometimes have the necessity for clients or suppliers to visit your workplace, then you’ll likely want something more than a laminated plank with some drawers. You can find many types of executive desk available online suited to the most professional of home offices.
Office desks next day delivery correctly » Desks crafted from sturdy oak or with cherry or walnut veneers tend to be heavy, however they look very graceful and professional. You may prefer a more modern look, where metallic and glass give you a more hi-tech carry out than most real wood desks can perform. Office Desks Next Day Delivery You should combine your personal preferences with the anticipations of browsing clients, and choose a office at home workplace to meet both needs.
Aeon Furniture Flash Writing Desk &amp; Reviews from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Bring it along when searching for drapes or any other redecorating supplies image sourced from: wayfair.com.
Highmark Recycling Bin 3 25 Gallons Blue by fice Depot from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Take it together with you when searching for curtains or any other designing supplies impression downloaded from: officedepot.com.
Square or Rectangular Reception Coffee Table with Chrome from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Take it along with you when searching for drapes or any other decorating components screenshot via from: mikeodwyerofficefurniture.co.uk.
Buy Brandon Extending Desk Oak Effect Finish from our from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Bring it along with you when searching for curtains or another beautifying materials image got from: tesco.com.
Office desks next day delivery correctly » Desk Size: By natural means, the size of your office desk will depend on the available space. If that’s not a concern you should select a table with sufficient space for your computer – the majority are laptops nowadays and take up much less space than they once did. If you don’t have enough room for a separate printer table, in that case your desk will also need to accommodate that, plus a router and also don’t forget your personal working space!
Mainstays Basic Student Desk Multiple Colors Walmart from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Take it with you when searching for window curtains or another decorating components received from: walmart.com.
Clothes rack with wheels ﻿with lower tray from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Bring it together with you when looking for window curtains or another redecorating components image sourced from: deskandsit.com.
Buhl Mark IV Opus Opaque Projector & Reviews from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Take it along when shopping for curtains or other beautifying materials screenshot got from: wayfairsupply.com.
Monthly Calendar Pocket Chart from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Take it together with you when searching for window curtains or other decorating components screenshot got from: wayfairsupply.com.
fice Desks & puter Desks Furniture At Work from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Take it along with you when looking for window curtains or another decorating components image downloaded from: furniture-work.co.uk.
Aeon Furniture Flash Writing Desk & Reviews from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Bring it along when searching for drapes or any other redecorating supplies image sourced from: wayfair.com.
Letter Sounds Cd Book from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Take it along when looking for window curtains or any other designing components picture got from: wayfairsupply.com.
Dressing Table Pine Desk 4 Drawer Sol Bedroom Dresser from Office Desks Next Day Delivery, Take it with you when shopping for curtains or another redecorating supplies image received from: ebay.co.uk.
Office desks next day delivery correctly » Shape: A rectangular office will make best use of constrained space than a rounded or oval table. If you have little room, Office Desks Next Day Delivery, L-shaped desks make great use of space. Another popular design is a wall unit designed with bookshelves and space for storage, with a workplace projecting at right-angles to it. Many like this type of design, because their office storage and desk can be established as a corner unit, making maximum use of small office space.
Storage: If you choose a 3-in-1 printer, adding a copier and scanner, your storage will be limited to printer paper, documents, files and catalogs. As suggested early on, one profound drawer can be fitted with filing rails, with another 3-4 drawers for less huge items. If you are using fax, Office Desks Next Day Delivery that ability can transferred to your personal computer which can send and receive faxes to and from regular types of fax machine. You should also consider whether locks are essential or not.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 503 source=c4 split=train =====
Building on Casaloma Drive makes progress before first frost.
Reader question: I know you’ve written about the new Kwik Trip at the corner of GV and Casaloma, but I don’t know if you are aware of the other new commercial construction across the street at Casaloma and Margaret Street?
Answer: That’s a new corporate headquarters building for The Barbershop, A Hair Salon for Men. It should be ready for occupancy in January.
The Barbershop is a locally owned hair cutting business that started in 2005 with one location by The Home Depot on Westhill Boulevard in Grand Chute.
It now has 42 locations, including 12 corporate-owned salons in Wisconsin, two-co-owned locations in Milwaukee and 28 more franchised locations in a total of eight states.
RELATED: What's building next to Xperience gym?
“We’ve been growing our Wisconsin locations and adding infrastructure to support our 220 employees in those locations,” said Todd Degner, founding co-owner. He owns the corporation with wife Sharon.
Besides offices, the new building will have a classroom for training, but will not have a salon on site. Town permits show it is a 2,346-square-foot structure being built at a cost of $377,000.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 504 source=c4 split=train =====
State Board of Technical Education and Training (SBTET), Andhra Pradesh has announced its result for the ER91 Pharmacy Exams conducted for the first year students earlier in the month of October November 2012.
The result for the above mentioned exams are finally out & are available on the official website of the board www.sbtetap.gov.in.
Students who ppeared for the exams can check their result directly from the link provided below.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 505 source=c4 split=train =====
I admit to being a complete dunderhead when it comes to making a game fit all resolutions. I found it hard to wrap my head around making a game that fits all the resolution combinations out there. I tried making TriGrid fit everything by upscaling the smallest resolution. With Fish Feaster I did the same but stretched the background to compensate for iPhone 5's longer screen. When I made Candy Shop Catch I had HD and SD resolutions programmed in, which doubled the amount of assets in the game (a colossal waste of space).
Just move the camera. Use zooming to make the sprites fit on screen in either HD (normal) or SD (zoom out) and use code to align things based on screen dimensions. I'll test this stuff to see how it turns out.
What really brought this home was seeing this in the documentation for the 2D Toolkit I use.
2D Toolkit discourages scaling objects based on resolution. In almost every single case, it will be far more efficient to simply adjust your camera to compensate. The tk2dCamera resolution overrides are built specifically to address this."
Stuff like this is why I'm not making my dream game yet. I need to learn from s many mistakes as I can before jumping onto something so huge. With this behind me, hopefully my stuff will look really good.
Back to school for me. Vacation is over and it's time to face finals week. I've been too held up with real life to care much for meaningless memorized questions. Have mercy on my soul.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 506 source=c4 split=train =====
UK-based betting and casino giant William Hill has just confirmed that it has concluded a deal with Eldorado Resorts Inc, in view of offering both online and land-based sports betting as well as casino gaming in the United States.
As an increasing number of states have now legalized sports betting, William Hill has been quick to act. The company's 25-year exclusive partnership with Eldorado will significantly expand its reach to 13 states where sports betting is either already legal or where bills are currently being tabled for its legalization.
Eldorado operates 21 casinos across 11 states and will expand to 26 sites in 13 states by the end of this year, as it plans to acquire Tropicana Entertainment.
Under the deal, the two companies will focus on the development and construction of sportsbooks within leading casino resorts in the states of New Jersey, Iowa, Mississippi and West Virginia. Eldorado will get a 20% stake in William Hill’s US operations and receive £38.9m of its stock.
As William Hill’s CEO Philip Bowcock has commented, "Partnering with Eldorado gives William Hill access to one of the largest and most attractive casino footprints with 23 million customers across multiple states.
Together, we are positioned to capture the evolving US opportunity - starting with land-based sports betting and extending to digital sports betting and, in some states, online gaming."
William Hill’s move follows Paddy Power Betfair’s deals with operator Boyd Gaming with the aim of expanding their US reach. The operator has announced that sports betting operation in the US will now launch in a matter of weeks at five land-based casinos in the US, while the provision of digital betting services is planned for the following months.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 507 source=c4 split=train =====
Leeds O2 Academy, one of the first venues of this tour to sell out. Anyone that has previously seen A Day To Remember perform live will know exactly why.
I got into the venue just in time to catch LOWER THAN ATLANTIS, a band who's music I love listening to but disappointed me at Leeds Festival earlier this year. Because of this, I didn't have high hopes and just hoped that they would play my favourite songs. I was so wrong. They all came out and played with tons of energy and Mike Duce's vocals were so much better than that memory of Leeds Fest. On top of their performance exceeding expectations, the set list was also desirable. Opening with 'Love Someone Else' and ending on 'Here We Go', the 10 song set had the perfect mixture of songs old and new including the popular 'Deadliest Catch' and 'Beech Like A Tree'. The overall set was laid back but at the same time energetic with Mike Duce making jokes, getting the crowd moving and requesting a dance-off.
Next up was A DAY TO REMEMBER, my all time favourite band. This was the forth time in 2014 alone seeing them perform live. With so many incredible songs in their discography, any set list would have been a fantastic one. The 17 song set list was composed of tracks from all albums baring Old Record opening with 'The Downfall Of Us All' accompanied by confetti cannons which saw the whole room turn into chaos after the first iconic chants of the track and ending with 'All I Want' with the crowd still bouncing and signing away. Of course, A Day To Remember came back out to perform a three-song encore which included 'If It Means A Lot To You' (prior to which Jeremy and Kevin sand the first verse and chorus of Oasis' 'Champagne Supernova'), 'All Signs Point to Lauderdale' (with toilet roll cannons) and ending the full set with 'The Plot To Bomb The Panhandle'. With CO2 cannons, beach balls, t-shirt cannons and fan interaction, the whole set was just made to be incredible with an electric atmosphere. My only fault about the set was that 'Homesick' had been dropped from the set (even though it got played the previous night). Other than that, perfect, yet again! A Day To Remember are one of those bands that will always bring energy and will always put on a show, not just perform incredible music. For all those that haven't seen them live, I certainly recommend it!

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 508 source=c4 split=train =====
The Youth Forum “Refugees and Migrants in the New Media in South-East Europe and Central Europe” organized by the Association for Education Mladiinfo International, would not have been possible without the generous support of Visegrad Fund and CEI (Central Europen Initiative), which enabled the participation of 60 young people from the countries of South-Eastern and Central Europe.
The International Visegrad Fund is an inter­na­tional orga­ni­za­tion based in Bratislava founded by the gov­ern­ments of the Visegrad Group (V4) countries—the Czech Republic, Hungary, the Republic of Poland, and the Slovak Republic—in Štiřín, Czech Republic, on June 9, 2000.
The pur­pose of the fund is to facil­i­tate and pro­mote the devel­op­ment of closer coop­er­a­tion among cit­i­zens and insti­tu­tions in the region as well as between the V4 region and other coun­tries, espe­cially in the Western Balkan and Eastern Partnership regions. The fund operates several grant programs, and also awards individual scholarships, fellowships and artist residencies. Grant sup­port is given to original projects namely in the areas of cul­ture, sci­ence and research, youth exchanges, cross-border cooperation and tourism pro­mo­tion, as well as in other priority areas defined in calls for proposals published on the fund’s website.
The Central European Initiative (CEI) is a regional intergovernmental forum committed to supporting European integration through cooperation between and among its Member States and with the European Union (EU), other interested public institutions or private and non-governmental organisations (NGOs), as well as international and regional organisations. In order to offer a solid contribution to European integration, the CEI combines multilateral diplomacy and project management, both as donor and recipient, while also bridging European macro-regions.
Implement small and medium-sized projects.
In this context, the aim of the political cooperation is to supply the countries and their institutions with a flexible, pragmatic platform for regional cooperation, while focusing on their preparation to a future accession to the European Union (EU). In doing so, special attention is given to capacity building of the non-EU CEI Member States which, thanks to its ideal location, is pursued through know-how transfer and exchange of experience among those countries which are members of the EU and those which are not. The CEI is actively engaged in supporting projects in various areas of cooperation, also through the mobilization of financial resources providing greater possibilities for studying, financing and executing national and international projects.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 509 source=c4 split=train =====
Listen to Episode 18 on YouTube. It’s easier than listening on podcast apps.
In this week’s episode, host Jay Douglas takes you inside the number one fear of most Americans: the fear of public speaking. Jay combines lessons in overcoming that fear from psychologist and stage fright expert Peter Desberg with tips from Ann Utterback, Ph.D. for making your voice sound as powerful and strong as you feel behind the lectern. It’s another Out Of My Mind Short Story.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 510 source=c4 split=train =====
Delightful Granite House Between Dinan and the Sea. This cottage/gite is in a rural setting.
Delightful granite house located in a very calm rural hamlet, just outside the village of Languenan. Le Pommier has a sunny private terrace and a shared lawned back garden with swings and barbecue.
The house has recently been renovated and decorated, whilst maintaining the tradition feel of what once was a Breton farmhouse, some touches of character and style have been added. You'll find examples of colourful handpainted furniture and homemade and unique finishing touches to this light and airy decor.
On the ground floor there is an open plan kitchen/dining room next to a living area with logburner, comfortable sofas and English satellite Freeview tv. A short flight of stairs leads to the first floor. Here you'll find a double bedroom, a twin bedroom with fold-out bed and modern luxury bathroom with shower over full-size bath, wc and handbasin.
Open plan kitchen and dining area on the ground floor.
Living area on the ground floor next to dining area.
Bathroom is next to the bedrooms on the first floor and has a bath with shower.
Free wi-fi internet and tv.
Sunny patio area and shared back garden with swing, table and bbq.
Free ample parking is just outside the house.

===== DS4_IMATRIX_PROMPT 511 source=c4 split=train =====
Japanese artist Ray Horacek works from his studio in Tokyo or from his suitcase in any number of countries and cities depending on the week. Having studied industrial design, his work is an intersection of the industrial arts, physical & mathematical elements from nature, and human beings, and every piece stands on the three pillars of logic, emotion and craft. Organic vs. mechanic, control vs. chaos, and gesticulation vs. delineation are some of the recurring contrasts he employs in his concept and artwork generation.

